"REVIEW"
"1" "This product definitely does what it's supposed to do.  The real question is, \"Do you need it?\"In my younger years I definitely had a problem with premature ejaculation.  Sex was great for me, but I doubt that my partners got the same amount of enjoyment out of their three minutes.  So I regularly used condoms like these, only a different brand.  Fortunately, I'm much older now, and much more experienced with sex, including how to control my body and not get too excited, too fast.  Unfortunately, I didn't consider that before purchasing these.  To say that these condoms reduced sensitivity is a bit of an understatement in my case.  Between the thickness of the condom itself and the benzocaine anesthetic, I couldn't feel a thing.  I started to get a little bit worried about the condom working too well, and worry is the last thing that you want in the bedroom.  Anxiety plus delay lubricant put me on a one way ticket to flaccid town.  Embarrassing to say the least, but my girlfriend is awesome and we both had a laugh about it (after I switched to a different condom and finished the job).For guys who get a little too excited, are inexperienced, or are just very sensitive, this is probably a great product.  But if you don't already have a problem with staying power, I wouldn't recommend that you use these.  You might find out the \"hard?\" way that you don't really need any extra help."
"2" "Excellent in terms of higher degree of feeling, however, be careful, had them break twice.  You can't make them thinner without sacrificing strength, a serious concern if you're trying to avoid STD or pregnancy."
"3" "Totally fine condom. If your partner likes ribbed condoms, this is one of the more intensely ribbed options. The thicker ribs make the entire condom feel thicker though, and when coupled with the very annoying lubricant (gets everywhere, and tastes absolutely terrible) it results in a condom that is kinda \"meh\"But, no breaks or children, so it does its job!"
"4" "This box is ok if you want to try lifestyles variety in non-laytex. I am allergic to laytex so these are great and actually feel better than regular laytext condoms. However, within this variety box me and my bf found that the extra lubricated (inside and outside condom) ones where just a pain in the ass! (no pun intended , heheheh), they just slip around and almost come right off if your not careful! we felt we had to constantly check it to make sure it didn't come off and it was more of a mood killer. The other condoms in the box are great and stay put!"
"5" "Great product except my vagina is very sensitive to the lubricant on the condoms which caused me to get a yeast infection so I have to use your non-lubricant ones which are great"
"6" "Much thinner then previous Magnums.  It's annoying though that I can't seem to find the Magnum XL anymore. These ones fit very tight and left a deep purple ring on my penis and as in sure most of you reading this are aware, these don't cover the entire length of the penis either.  If they made these a little longer/wider I feel like they would be my go to condom. Hopefully they'll see enough of us complaining and make the Magnum XL in a bare skin style."
"7" "These were doing the job a little to well.Hearing \"holy s*** you're still going\". Or \"you need to get off, I finished 3 times\" is great.  But what about my needs, I don't want to take that long.  You can hardly feel anything"
"8" "Not a fan of the fire/ice condoms but over-all a good value.Note: none of these condoms have a reserve tip thing in them"
"9" "Does its job. Girlfriend can't feel the \"studs\", the lube inside the condoms dries too quickly. It's alright but most likely I'll stick to other condoms from the same brand"
"10" "It's very thin, and I suppose my ex liked it, she said it felt a lot better than trojan and other brands. But I didn't really like it on me...it kinda felt sluggish? not really smooth feeling for me...it's very durable though, never broke."
"11" "Ran a bit tight on my bf when he fits well into regular condoms, or condoms from any other brand. Ended up giving him rash-like scuff marks at the head and made sex less enjoyable. On some occasions he couldn't finish because of the discomfort. We used lube but it only helped so much. The problem is the condom. It is surprisingly durable though, considering how thin it is."
"12" "Wish the ribbed are all the way from top to bottom not just the bottom part. But still nice condoms"
"13" "Meh. He can't feel as much with these and neither can I. Not too thrilled with the ribbing when we're just getting going, but it's less noticeable as we get into it. We can't get enough of the Bareskin style ones tho."
"14" "The high quality I expect from Trojan is here, in the latex and the lubricant.  My only complaint is that it says no where on the packaging that these are meant for men with greater than average girth. Good product for well endowed men."
"15" "Doesn't slip or anything, but I don't know that it heightens \"her\" (my) pleasure as they claim. The ones they used to have were great, but it seems they've made some changes and not in the best direction."
"16" "I'm giving 3 stars only because it arrived on time. Other than that I am very disappointed in the fact that they advertised different flavors and rainbow colors. Yet when you get the package it's just 4 different types. Not really a variety being that there's a total of 144 so i would expect more of an assortment especially since that is what the picture and description displays to you. As you can see in the picture i only got 4 different  types and just my luck i got a huge amount of purple which happens to be our least favorite type of durex condom. Definitely a let down to now we got all excited for a variety and were sadly disappointed."
"17" "Have always enjoyed Okamoto products but these were nothing spectacular, and the lubricant irritated my girlfriend. Will not be repurchasing."
"18" "The product arrived on time and as described. I only tried them once though. They seem to be better than the regular latex ones. I haven't noticed any rash or allergies yet but it's too soon to tell.I was checking the price at Wall-Mart the other day and I saw the same box for a better price.I didn't like the fact the box was crushed when arrived to my place. I would give more stars if the package and the price were better. Especially the packaging part since I use these for my own protection, I want them to arrive safe and not crushed."
"19" "Excellent in terms of higher degree of feeling, however, be careful, had them break twice.  You can't make them thinner without sacrificing strength, a serious concern if you're trying to avoid STD or pregnancy."
"20" "I think that these are a great option if your partner has erectile issues and you need extra protection. I am married and monogamous and cannot do hormone birth control. I also use spermicide. The combo left me with a god awful smell but Id rather deal with a smell for a couple of days (even after bathing) than everything that can come from not using protection. I find that missionary position works best so you can hold on to the condom. Switching positions didn't work out too well. So for me, once you put it in and start a position, stay in that position if you can. The spermicidal lube really helped the feeling for my spouse. Good luck!"
"21" "Totally fine condom. If your partner likes ribbed condoms, this is one of the more intensely ribbed options. The thicker ribs make the entire condom feel thicker though, and when coupled with the very annoying lubricant (gets everywhere, and tastes absolutely terrible) it results in a condom that is kinda \"meh\"But, no breaks or children, so it does its job!"
"22" "The product was advertised to have fire and ice, by what was delivered was warming, which is similar but never the less it would be nice to get what is advertised."
"23" "WE got these because the price was lower then at the store. they were advertised with Fire and Ice but when we got them there were none. it was an assortment but not the assortment we ordered. They are Trojan and they do the job( or at least they have so far) But I would beware you aren't going to get fire and Ice in them."
"24" "They work well as far as not ripping, but my boyfriend did not care for the way most of them felt. He only like the Warm one. I couldn't really tell THAT much of a difference except for with two- the warm and sensation. Almost like not wearing one at all."
"25" "After years of trying, and failing, to have kids, we stopped worrying about birth control.  Then our daughter surprised us last year.  Now we have to worry about it for the first time in 12+ years.  Condoms never bothered me when I was younger.  Now that I'm older, and haven't had to wear one in forever, they don't seem as comfortable.  These are okay.  Do what they need to do.  I certainly wouldn't consider them to be \"Ultra Sensitive\" or anything special.  I do know that I always preferred LifeStyles back in the day."
"26" "This product definitely does what it's supposed to do.  The real question is, \"Do you need it?\"In my younger years I definitely had a problem with premature ejaculation.  Sex was great for me, but I doubt that my partners got the same amount of enjoyment out of their three minutes.  So I regularly used condoms like these, only a different brand.  Fortunately, I'm much older now, and much more experienced with sex, including how to control my body and not get too excited, too fast.  Unfortunately, I didn't consider that before purchasing these.  To say that these condoms reduced sensitivity is a bit of an understatement in my case.  Between the thickness of the condom itself and the benzocaine anesthetic, I couldn't feel a thing.  I started to get a little bit worried about the condom working too well, and worry is the last thing that you want in the bedroom.  Anxiety plus delay lubricant put me on a one way ticket to flaccid town.  Embarrassing to say the least, but my girlfriend is awesome and we both had a laugh about it (after I switched to a different condom and finished the job).For guys who get a little too excited, are inexperienced, or are just very sensitive, this is probably a great product.  But if you don't already have a problem with staying power, I wouldn't recommend that you use these.  You might find out the \"hard?\" way that you don't really need any extra help."
"27" "This is for men with somewhat extra girth. Mine is 6 inches circumference and this condom will fit maximum only 5.5 inches and almost strangling the member in its base.\"XL\" is misleading, even when this might be the biggest Trojan condom.FDA is doing a very unhealthy, dangerous and unintelligent job by limiting the size of condoms sold in the USA, specially in girth. Shame on them. European brands like \"MySize\", \"TheyFit\" and \"Pasante\" are built with similar quality standards as Trojan and they have much real larger sizes. The problem is that it is very difficult to get them.By the way, compare the Magnum Trojan XL packaging size with another brand. At least it appears impressive and it will give an ego boost to the user.If XL is their biggest product, go imagine the small size of those working at Trojan and the FDA."
"28" "The three stars is only because the size of the base ring is much tighter than I expected after doing a lot of research and was expecting it to fit closer to a regular condom (maybe around 54 mm in width) and it was much tighter, and the three stars is not for the quality Sagami condom brand. For a male with around four and three quarters inches anatomy width, who can wear most regular U.S. condoms such as Durex that may be about 54mm width that fit basically comfortable on the base ring, these Sagami Original 002 were extremely difficult to put on (as or more difficult than the Okamoto 002 Regular) as this Sagami Original had to be unrolled about two rolls to start getting it on. Once on the shaft was ok, but the base ring of these Sagami 002 Original was very much way too tight (leaves an indentation) and were uncomfortable while on and therefore personally these Sagami Original were not comfortable to use, so unfortunately I threw out the rest of the box. I do not use a magnum, as for someone around average a regular condom is more than enough, so these Sagami Original are much tighter than a standard condom on the base ring. The length of these Sagami Original 002 is about just over six inches in length. I would not buy these again unless it was said it was new and improved with a stretchier base ring. I don't know if the Sagami 002 Large (maybe about 58mm width) would be too wide, and maybe someday if they lower the price or have a sample pack or have a three pack, then maybe I will try the Sagami 002 Large to see how those fit in width. I really like the Sagami containers for packaging and I would pay more for any condom in these great containers. For now for the times I use polyurethane condoms I will use the Okamoto 002 Large that fit closer to a regular condom because for me the base ring was too tight on these Sagami 002 Original."
"29" "I'll admit I'm not as well endowed as some guys and I figured since that is the case I'd try these out.Well I don't know who I'm going to give these too but they are way too tight for me ( something I thoughtI'd never say ), but I can't use them as once I finally got one on I felt like I was in a vice.Just going to say If you are on the average side of average ( you know what I mean ) you may want toget a small pack and try them first before buying more."
"30" "These were pretty good, my only complaint is that most of them in the box smelled a bit weird! Almost like an animal died or something... Not very pleasurable to smell that during an intimate moment :( And no the condoms weren't past date."
"31" "We have purchased the bundles a few times within the last few years.  This time around we found the condoms received were on the slight cheap end.  We only received maybe one known brand (Trojan) and the rest were cheap ones from Asia.  We ended up tossing out a few just because the quality was so questionable.  The last time was better but I guess it depends on your luck."
"32" "Ordered these for the variety so the wife and I could find out what we liked the best what I received was 32 of the same brand (reality) and 4 of another (shibari) . I have no doubt these will keep us not pregnant and the price is good but I took 2 stars off for the lack of variety."
"33" "Pretty good. They fit really snug, almost too snug, but they don't break, so there's that. From what I'm told however, there isn't a large amount of flavor. I am told that the mint ones apparently taste terrible, and strawberry is the best. If anything, they do smell nice.Either way, may try some others."
"34" "They are great except for poor quality control at the factory (see picture)."
"35" "I hear Trojan owns the patent for the Inspiral condoms, unfortunately these are not the replacement.  I'm sorry to those who really loved their inspiral condoms like I did, I wish I bought thousands.  The one thing Trojan kept is the thin-ness and size, the spiral part is gone and i'm sure it is to save a whole 1¢ per condom.  Makes me sad."
"36" "Probably one of the more sensitive condoms out there, but they are barely ribbed. The ribs begin 3/4 of the way down the shaft, so she can barely feel them."
"37" "I normally buy Durex and they tend to fit snuggly, I bought this at a pharmacy and the second I pull it out of the box I knew I made a mistake. I'm around 6 inches and moderately thick, but these are obviously made for someone with a 7+ inch beer bottle girth dong. If I wanted a huge condom I would have bought the damn magnums."
"38" "Some of the above are absolutely right. This product is made for large girth, not for normal girth. Those who buy this should be those who consider about Magnitum series."
"39" "I bought these because my partner and I really enjoyed this type of condom from the Durex variety pack we had purchased.  However, he said that these felt much tighter than the previous ones we had used from the same brand. In fact, there was a visible constriction of his penis around the base of the condom. I was surprised given the excellent track record we have with Durex, but at least none of them broke."
"40" "I bought these for my oral please for my husband but the flavor did not last long was hoping it would, good thing was that i did not have a rubber taste in my mouth after. So far only used strawberry."
"41" "Ah does the jorrb not anything different than others as far as lubricant or feeling...at least it didn't break?...when I think about condoms Trojan is all I think about... I mean they have pushed the product better than other companies.... If that's a good thing or maybe they are so huge in the industry that they squeeze everyone else out. Anyway yea they are ok but if you are lookin for the next best thing to goin ala natural?.... They haven't hit that benchmark yet"
"42" "It's very thin, but always broken during sexual intercourse."
"43" "This is the only brand of condom my partner and I have ever snapped (I think it was the Skyn), but honestly it happened during application so I wouldn't let that sway you. These are decent condoms for both sides, but they seem a little smaller than most condoms we buy- didn't fit well. I think we will go back to using Trojan Ecstasy, but this Lifestyles pleasure collection is a decent buy."
"44" "They are on the small side. Honestly, it felt like my member was being choked to death. Not to mention the rubber is pretty thick to it gets rid of too much of the sensation. But if you need a snug fit that kills sperm these are it."
"45" "My wife and I thought these were pretty decent for latex condoms, but we both enjoy the okamoto 0.02 ex polyurethane much better.  The 0.02s are much more expensive at over a $1 a piece.I would stick with these for affordable standard latex condoms, but if you're looking for something thin because you don't like the feeling of condoms, I would recommend the 0.02s."
"46" "Decent cheap condoms. I used them for masturbation (particularly while being a guest), and they generally do the job. I did once or twice notice a little semen on my sheets so they can occasionally tear, and they are a little hard to take off even when my erection is gone. I prefer the lifestyles and durex condoms, but they're more expensive."
"47" "This gets 1 star because it's not thecrown condoms you would expect.These are not the same Crown condoms that are made in Japan. These ones are made in Thailand. What's the difference? These Thailand manufactured condoms smell strongly of rubber and have very little lube! I'm just warning any of you who have read great reviews on these, because the ones made in Japan are actually really great. These Thailand condoms are cheap and stinky.To be fair, the fit seems to be roughly the same (feels a bit tighter) and my girlfriend and I used one when we ran out of good condoms (durex super thin extra sensitive condoms) and it wasn't awful minus the really disgusting smell (major turn off). The point is you don't want a condom that smells so bad that it makes you wish you had something else (or none at all!)Definitely go with the Durex extra sensitive on this one. They are a bit wider, they are just as thin as the Crown Skinless Skin, they have NO smell or taste, are lubed generously, and I've used hundreds of them with no breaks."
"48" "I was expecting a sealed box, instead I got a bag with 25ct just as described. The seller should say they come in a ziploc type bag. Other than that they fit snug alright :) ."
"49" "When they say Snug, they should say Hulk Hogan Death Grip. I was hoping for something slightly more snug but these actually hurt if left on too long. Feels super tight. For the price, its worth trying them for yourself, don't read reviews for condoms and hope to find your answer here. Trial and error is your best bet."
"50" "Seller just put 100 items into a bubble envelope. I do not feel good because that looks low end and unsafe."
"51" "The condom was well fitting and very easy to put on. Even though I did like the sensation while using these I hated the smell. I won't be buying these again because I felt the smell was overwhelming (maybe I'm just whiny)."
"52" "Wow... umm... when they say this is a snug fit, they mean SNUG fit.  I never considered myself to be big (always thought I was on the smaller side) but these were too snug for me.  Putting them on turned out to be a hassle and felt uncomfortable.  The part that I felt was odd about these were that despite the snugness, the sleeves were a lot longer than I had expected.  I'm glad that I bought a small 12 pack to try before jumping into this one and would recommend this to anyone that is considering buying it.  Try it out first before buying that 50/100 count box..."
"53" "I'll admit I'm not as well endowed as some guys and I figured since that is the case I'd try these out.Well I don't know who I'm going to give these too but they are way too tight for me ( something I thoughtI'd never say ), but I can't use them as once I finally got one on I felt like I was in a vice.Just going to say If you are on the average side of average ( you know what I mean ) you may want toget a small pack and try them first before buying more."
"54" "Although technically thinner than the Sagami Original 002, I find the Aoni 001 to be inferior in terms of sensation. The Sagami felt a lot better for me.Additionally, I find the Sagami to be of better production quality in several ways:1) The Aoni's lubricant isn't very evenly applied. The head portion is too wet while the base portion is often entirely dry. The Sagami has very even application of lube.2) The thickness of the Aoni seems to be uneven - the head is probably thin enough to be 001 (is it 0012 technically?), but the material seems to increase in thickness toward the base (or so it feels). The Sagami on the other hand is very uniform in thickness and provides very good sensitivity over the entire length."
"55" "My husband complains that these are really hard to get on and has had to throw some away because they are too tight and get messed up while putting them on. He is normal sized so shouldn't be an issue but they are really tight. Wouldn't buy again just because we feel we wasted so many in the process."
"56" "Was so happy to get these in the mail.PROSchemical free1 for 1 donationCONSsmell strongly of latex. I could smell latex in the air after.A few broke in use."
