"REVIEW"
"1" "These are great. Regular old condoms, nothing special. My girlfriend is not pregnant, so that's always a plus. Go team!"
"2" "These condoms are the best, everything that you would expect from Trojan. Absolutely no breaks, ever! Good sensitivity. And a great price. Definitely our favorite! They are lightly lubed--some people might prefer more lube, but we find this works better for us than any of the super lubed ones. If you need some extra oomph in the bedroom, try Vialus Vialus –Male Enhancement to Improve Performance, Size, Energy, Stamina, & Libido they really work!"
"3" "waited to write a review after I used them all, and also after \"that time of the month.\" 36/36 of these condoms did not lead to pregnancy. That is a 100% efficiency rate. I would recommend this to a friend, family member, or even religious leaders."
"4" "I would rather not use these but babies are terrifying and they eat all your food."
"5" "these are awesome and they come with so many. I like that it came with 36 condoms because I was able to put one condom on my penis and every single one of my fingers and toes with extra to spare"
"6" "So I basically just use these to jack off since I can't ever pick up women. Whatever lol"
"7" "A few weeks ago we got the \"barely there\" from trojan...it's true, they were barely there...because they kept breaking! So I wasnt about to get risky with those again. These work much better, no breaking! And they are also thin and lubricated. Makes for some fun that I don't have to worry about! :)"
"8" "Reading Amazon reviews is way more fun than Youtube comments."
"9" "These are my favorite condoms. Excellent feel and they don't break. I could not be happier with these as they are the next best thing to just skin! Also check out Vialus –Male Enhancement to Improve Performance, Size, Energy, Stamina, & Libido which is a fantastic “male enhancement” prduct, a natural version Cialis. Great products."
"10" "Wife didn't get pregnant....thats good in my book. Feels like any condom, they all suck after you had sex without them. But safe sex and preventing pregnancies is important so buy these. I just had a baby and wife refuses birth control and the pull out method didn't work so, I gotta wear these or have 10 babies"
"11" "no babies yet."
"12" "Excellent product. After 3 weeks of using them my husband and I have never had one break, but like any condom sometimes a little extra lube is necessary. Overall when you have to use protection I'd never buy a different condom."
"13" "If you have to have them (and you know that you do, just do it!), go with the pros in the business. I haven't experimented with a lot of different brands or variations, but I'm as happy as I can be wearing these ultra thins. They are still the thinnest I've tried from Trojan and meet all expectations."
"14" "Everyone knows Trojan is the brand that you can trust. Reliable, no breakage. And, the Magnums are the perfect fit for me. And seriously, what a value, a 36 pack for $13 is unreal – I pay that for a 3 pack at the convenience store. I also use to get Hard 8 male enhancement at the same store, it works, but $13 for one dose is pricey. You can get Vialus –Male Enhancement to Improve Performance, Size, Energy, Stamina, & Libido on Amazon, an entire month supply for $40!"
"15" "I have gone through a few boxes of these and I still dont have kids.0 illegitimate children/10, would wear again A++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++"
"16" "These balloons are terrible.The colors are really boring, and they're all greasy."
"17" "Yup, they're condoms.  If you're unsure about whether you like these specifically I'd suggest you order a smaller pack of them first.  If you don't already know, Magnum is known for making larger condoms than most other brands, being most well known for their XL condoms (which these are not).  It took me a number of years of trying different types and styles of condoms to realize that I kept having trouble with them breaking or slipping because they weren't fitting correctly (mostly too small).  I would encourage anyone that feels like other condoms are too tight to at least give these a try.  Don't try to \"size up\" your condoms and use a type that's too big for you.  Unlike other styles and brands, these don't have the built-in cock ring style where the lip of the opening is slightly smaller than the rest of the condom that theoretically keeps a condom that's a little too big for you from slipping off.  It similarly avoids the problem of those same condoms that have a tendency to tear if you're not actually the proper size because the sheath of the condom is sliding around rather than staying static on your penis.  The lubricant does not have a slight numbing effect like spermicidal lubricants of other condoms, but it is slightly lubricated.  I wouldn't count on the lubrication as it's more of a slightly oily-feeling latex than a fully lubricated condom."
"18" "excuse me, I seemed to have dropped my magnum condom for my magnum dong.  But seriously, decent condoms that are roomy enough. I dont think theyre substantially larger than a normal condom but they are just a pinch bigger which makes them feel good. The lube used isnt great, would recommend supplementing it with a latex safe lube of your choice."
"19" "My boyfriend and I are very happy with these condoms. He doesn't feel choked and I can hardly feel them. No issues at the moment. If your man is larger than most go with these. Best purchase I made in awhile"
"20" "I only buy these to make people think I have a huge... you know what... when they see these gold wrappers laying around."
"21" "I bought magnum condoms in the store a few times and wanted to see if I can find them a lil cheaper and I did on amazon.  So I purchased them. when it got home I used it rite away and love them. It fits perfectly and it's not to tight like other condoms."
"22" "Absolutely the best delay condoms out there. Zero pregnancy so far too so that is a plus! I still prefer the trojan bareskin but these are a nice way to switch it up every once in a while. They have not broken for me once, but I have never had a single condom ever break. I think if they are used properly condoms will not generally break unless there is a manufacturing defect. The ribs were very intense but after a few minutes they became very arousing for the girl. They did seem to delay male climax but nothing that caused complete numbness like some people report. Other people also have said that the lube on the inside is clumpy. This is because it is clumpy! It is made to become liquid when heat is transferred. If the inside was liquid lubricant, it would run on the outside and the female would get numb too! Numbness on the female side has not been an issue with me at all, and unless these are stored at temperatures around body temperature, then that should never be a problem. I would not shy away from trying these at all!"
"23" "Wife enjoys the ribs and dots and I enjoy the rest!!!  We've used other durex products before and have not been disappointed with their quality.  The delay lotion will probably work differently for individuals.  Some other reviews have said that the lotion is too effective but I found it to work perfectly for my needs.  I guess the only way to know for each person is to try it out for yourself."
"24" "I was kinda nervous about putting that chemical on my penis but it wasn't that bad like other reviews say. Our sex went from 5-15 minutes to 30-45 minutes. Not to mention that the outside of condom provides more simulation. However, the benzi chemical will make sex less enjoyable for the guy but you get to last longer. I like it so far and I would buy it again. Make sure you give it few minutes after you putting it on. The chemical required small amount of time to kick in."
"25" "Good condom brand. I've always like the durex brand and the perfomax was no exception, It really does work as stated the inside tip of the condom has a desensitizing gel/cream that takes a few minutes to start working and in conjunction with the condom itself allows for a longer erection befrore you finish and my girlfriend loves it the ribbed outer texture and warming sensation makes her climax alot quicker!"
"26" "I picked these ones because of the amazon coupon you can clip but I'm glad I did.The dots and ribs ad lots of pleasure for her and honestly these are the best quality condoms I've ever used, these things stretch like crazy without breaking.Definitely recommend!"
"27" "I have been a big fan of Trojan condoms forever, everyone knows of Trojan’s legendary reliability. Trojan ribbed have been my go-to for some time know. I decided to try Bareskin and they do deliver on feel – it is like you are wearing nothing at all. I have had some issues with tearing/breaking, so definitely be careful as you are getting extra feel but losing some strength with the thinner condom. Overall, a good product. If you are looking for a great libido booster, try Vialus –Male Enhancement to Improve Performance, Size, Energy, Stamina, & Libido let me tell you, you won’t be sorry!"
"28" "after carefully reading all the previous reviews I decided to give this a chance, actually im very happy i did, it really feels like you are wearing nothing and the best part of this is that i did not have any problem, I really recommend it, I first ordered a pack of 10 but I already ordered 3 more :-D"
"29" "Yea they're thin for sure and you can feel more while having sex. There is a trade off between thin and strength that people need to be aware of. They do break if you are not careful, and by careful I mean well lubricated. Life pro tip: don't finish inside."
"30" "These condoms are basically identical to the Zero Zero Four by Okamoto Okamoto 0.04 Zero Zero Four Condoms 10ea pack . They're both made in Japan and have the same type of font/type face for the expiration date and lot number. I've tried them both and they feel identical to each other. The fit and feel to these condom are exactly the same so if had to make a guess they're both made at the same plant. I can feel every little bump and ridge inside a girl when using either of these condoms! I've never had a problem with it breaking on me even with pretty rough action. For the other reviews that say they break you might need to add some more lube to prevent the friction from building up. This is the closest thing to nothing without going bareback. I'd suggest any guy or girl that frequents bars or clubs to carry one of these with you when you go out."
"31" "This is a great product, and at this price, it makes no sense to ever have to buy in a store (which I find embarrassing to begin with). In my local stores, you usually will end up spending $10+ to get a 10-12 pack of Trojans. A 40 pack at this price is a no-brainer! Plus the variety is nice, although I am not a big fan of the Double Ecstasy variety. Great product at a great value. If you are looking for a natural Viagra alternative, try Vialus Vialus –Male Enhancement to Improve Performance, Size, Energy, Stamina, & Libido you won’t be disappointed."
"32" "11/10 would buy again.  Did not get wife pregnant.  Worked as expected."
"33" "He's not really into condoms, but I'm not really into being pregnant. These work well enough."
"34" "came as expected"
"35" "Best bang for the buck! =)"
"36" "Real good.. better wear a latex.. if you don't want that late text.. that I think I'm late.."
"37" "Still not a father"
"38" "These condoms have a good price and the different kinds fit perfectly. The lubrication makes it feel really good on my John. The condoms fit to multiple sizes of little or big Willy's. Great product and they don't leak."
"39" "No children yet."
"40" "It may be a bit odd for a woman to rate these, but I have to help encourage men to use them.  I love sex as much as anyone, and keeping safe is VERY key.  These condoms help keep me safe, and feel amazing on my side.  My male partners also really appear to enjoy them a lot too.  No complaints on either end with these great condoms.As an addition, sex is often more enjoyable with some extra lubricant.  I have found that when he is using a condom with ribs, it tends to need some extra lubricant to keep me from getting a bit sore or raw.  I'm just trying to make this a great review and informational for the gents so you keep your lady happy and healthy.  Also keep in mind some ladies have allergies to latex, so never use these with a woman who does.I also want to add that those of you gents who do use lube, that you use water based so as not to cause a condom failure and put everyone at risk.For those of you who explore more non-traditional sex, make sure to take your time, use lots of lube, go slow and lubricate multiple times.  These condoms work well for this too, just take it easy.One last thing, for you gents to remember, these do have an expiration date, so keep them current, keep them handy, and keep some lube with you as well.So gentleman, do the right thing and get some to keep with you, and keep you and your partner safe.  Trust me, your partner will enjoy these greatly!Feel free to ask any questions you may have.Lisa"
"41" "My wife loves these. Less lubricant than other condoms so there's a bit more friction for her pleasure. Inside it feels like numbing lubricant is present which extends my endurance. I have also been using Testorin - Powerful Testosterone Booster to Supercharge Your Workouts and Sex Drive and Increase Muscle Mass. and it has really helped me in the bedroom! Thanks amazon."
"42" "Overall Good condom. They're ribbed but my Girlfriend said she didnt feel a difference. But they work well and havent ripped on me yet. Trojan are the Best!"
"43" "For me, the most important thing in a condom is the strength and durability. I dont care about the thickness or other things in a condom so i dont have anything to say but that this condom is unbreakable and I can really trust it."
"44" "It won't change your sex life but it should help to make your partner enjoy the process a little more. The ribs seem to work well and the latex is thick enough to feel sturdy."
"45" "These are mine and my wife's favorite Trojan variety. We're very happy with them and we like that they came in a bigger size box. And at a better price than walmart."
"46" "My boyfriend and I had to go back to using condoms because the pill wasn't working out for me. We were hesitant about this brand at first because before I went on the pill we tried so many different brands and there was such a loss of feeling to them, a lot of times he couldn't keep an erection while wearing one. But with this brand, it truly is the closest thing to wearing nothing! It's amazing how much better it feels than a regular condom. We only buy these and Trojan ultra thin condoms now. They are the two best brands on the market if your partner has trouble keeping an erection with a normal condom. Also, we have never had one break so they seem to work just as well. Very happy with them. Give them a try!"
"47" "For someone with sensitive skin that reacts to just about everything (including latex) I have to say I got no skin reaction from this product. Would recommend to anyone with sensitive/reactive skin."
"48" "Did a bit of shopping to prepare for the upcoming winter. Got a jacket, scarf and these gloves... Very confused by the packaging. Why are they individually wrapped? I've got two hands! The materials are also rather odd. Very slippery and doesn't seem well insulating. There must of been budget cuts at the factory after dealing with all the individual packaging because there's no finger holes! 0 out of 10 would not recommend. But I'm giving 5 stars just because I admire how unbreakable this weird thin stuff is."
"49" "I absolutely love this brand of condoms and won't be ordering any other brands in the future. They feel very comfortable and thin, and I haven't had one break yet. Unlike normal condoms they don't have that gross rubber smell. They're also perfect for people like me who have a latex allergy, and the ribbed condoms feel amazing! Extra lube is also pretty good. If you're not sure what type to get I'd try their variety pack."
"50" "Feels like the real thing. Not pregnant, none have broken. Great replacement for hormonal birth control and inexpensive. I will buy again. The weirdly studded ones aren't our favorite but there's something for everyone in this fun pack. I recommend buying it to see which ones in the pack you and your partner enjoy & then buying what you like in bulk. Have safe fun my fellow Amazon shoppers!"
"51" "Best condoms on the market by far.I don't think I've ever had one break and the fact they are not made of latex is awesome due to the lack of smell.The assortment is also nice!"
"52" "I used to be a fan of the Thin Magnum but these are now my top choice it really is Thinner than Thin and has a great feel to it.  It says there is less lubricant than normal but if you know what you're doing then that shouldn't be a problem unless your lady has a problem and can't really get wet if so then you probably already have lube handy"
"53" "If you've got to wear a condom, this is the one to use.  The BareSkin condoms are utterly amazing.  I've previously only used the Magnum Thin condoms but even they sometimes (maybe even frequently) lead to such a reduction in sensitivity that gladly kills my boner.  Sure, you're always going to know you're wearing a condom but these let me feel everything, seemed to go with the movement, and seemed to be a little looser than other Magnum condoms.  Given how impossibly thin the BareSkin condoms are, the bit of extra wiggle room - whether perceived or actual - probably contributes to its strength.  If a normal sized condom feels snug and you have $8, there's ZERO reason to not try these.  I mean, who says, \"I wish the latex was a little bit thicker.\"??"
"54" "I wish they had these when I was in college! I've always hated condoms and I must have tried over 30 different brands and types over the years. These ones though I am happy with! (Well, as happy as someone can be when using them that is.) They fit well, you can feel a bit more than with other condoms, and the price is right. Just be sure to use a good lube!"
"55" "My girlfriend commented on these during our first use! She asked me if I was using a different condom, and that it felt amazing! I used to use the Trojan Magnum Thin, but these are WAY thinner, and let you feel WAY more. They also have less lubricant (FYI if that's an issue) but on the plus side they don't have the rather unpleasant lubricant smell of the Magnum Thin's and Original's."
"56" "Taking thin to the new level.  you have tried the thins..  well, now it is time to step to the BareSkins.  I gave the thins 10 stars (well, I gave five and my girlfriend gave five).  We give these 15 stars total.  That is right, a 50% increase in mutual satisfaction.  If it can't be skin on skin, go with the BareSkins.  You will not regret it."
"57" "Simply the best condom ever. My partner noticed the difference and stated it felt as if i was not wearing a condom at all. I can also feel the extreme difference in comparison to other condoms. This one is very thin and diminish sensitivity very little. Since my first purchase tis is my 3 box with no breakages yet."
"58" "After trying so many condoms I have finally found my go to. Please Trojan, do not stop making these and keep on making more."
"59" "I hate condoms.  Almost as much as I hate hormonal contraception.  However, with a two-year-old and a two-month-old at home, my husband positively refuses to come anywhere near me without one.  By luck, when I first went shopping for condoms a month ago, I purchased these.  They were AWESOME.  I decided condoms weren't so bad after all.  However, I'm also really cheap, so when it came time to replenish, I opted for the Trojan Bareskin thinking they would be comparable in quality at a much better price.  (Obviously, I'm new to this, so I wasn't up-to-speed yet on the differences between latex and lambskin condoms.)  There is simply no comparison.  I just bought some more of these, and as soon as they arrive, the Bareskin will be going in the trash!  To use a scale of 1 to 10, if condom-less is a 10, these are a 9, and Bareskin is a 4.  They're worth every penny.  Just look at it this way:  You could purchase thousands of these, and they'd still be less expensive than a child.  :)"
"60" "After having our first baby, I didn't want to take any form of hormone contraception.  Unfortunately, traditional latex condoms were really uncomfortable for me.  We rarely used condoms before, but when we did, comfort was never a problem.  I spoke with my OB/GYN about this, and she suggested trying polyurathane or lambskin.  We bought a little sampler pack off of Amazon, and this condom was included.  The hubby wasn't too eager to use lambskin, so it was the last kind we tried.  It--by far--was the most comfortable for me AND it gave my hubby the most feeling/sensitivity AND we both appreciated that it allowed our body heat to transfer (latex is cold!).  It was a win-win-win!  (Of course, no condom will be as good as nothing, but if you have to wear one to prevent pregnancy, this one is the winner for us.)We are about to take a 4-month trip to Japan, so we stocked up on these guys.  I'm not aiming to get pregnant with a 6.5-month-old infant at home, and we are happy that these condoms have been the key to allowing my husband and me to keep the love-light burning.  :)Edit:  After nearly four months of use, we've found that the condoms aren't all the same size.  Some fit fine, others are a bit tight, and we've had a few that didn't work at all.  We still love these condoms over everything else we have tried, but I downgraded my rating from 5 to 4 stars because some are unusable.  They're a bit pricy (compared to latex), so that's unfortunate.  Even so, I definitely wouldn't let that stop me from buying another box!  They are definitely the best!"
"61" "Without a doubt these suckas keep my dude piston feeling all natural.  Latex just desensitizes the junk, while the skin-to-skin feels awesome!  Boom!  Nearest to wearing nothing, these jimmy hats are the Real Deal Holyfield!Church"
"62" "My partner and I can hardly feel these at all. I gave up hormonal birth control entirely, and now use only these, and they have worked perfectly. They transmit all the heat and feeling, and you don't have the problem with friction that you do with latex condoms.My advice: They are a little harder to roll into place, but you can be a little rough with them to tug them down - they've never broken on us. Remember to leave room at the tip, and that these DON'T protect against HIV or other STDs."
"63" "It feels a bit odd rating this item, but I am doing so because someone needs to inform women about this product.  To be honest, I was extremely hesitant to try this product.  Husband and I are in our early forties and I have been informed by my physician to consider going off of birth control pills.  I was not open to having my tubes tied (nor the expense), nor did I want an IUD floating around inside me for years.  In addition, my husband was not open to having a vasectomy, as he is a physician and saw one too many men in his office w/difficulties from that procedure.  I ran across this Naturalamb product while shopping at a local pharmacy and took a stab at it.  For the record, my husband and I do not prefer to use condoms, but I took a stab at it and purchased a small box anyway.  Well, suffice it to say that neither I nor my husband have a single complaint about this product.  This product feels very, very natural.  I do  highly recommend."
"64" "My vagina is basically allergic to everything. Almost everything sets off a yeast infection. I've tried every condom variation under the sun. Extra lube, no spermicide, non latex, lube free. These lamb skins do give me a slight reaction but it is by far the least bad reaction out of all the ones I've tried. I'll take that as a win."
"65" "My wife wanted to stop taking the pill, since she's been on it for most of her life. I wasn't real crazy about the idea of using condoms, but it was definitely my turn to shoulder some of the contraceptive responsibility. After trying these condoms, I have no problem using them for the rest of my reproductive days. These are definitely the best condoms ever made- the truly feel like you aren't wearing one at all. That would be the one downside, if there are any. My wife and I have had a few moments where we weren't sure if the condom was still on because it felt so \"natural.\" As horrible as it sounds, I guess that's a good problem to have :)"
"66" "here is my brake down on the reason i got these condoms: i have a 5 months old child and my wife doesn't want to go back on birth control or get an IUD, so i decided to purchase condoms to avoid another pregnancy.i am 33 years old, i do not have pre-ejaculation issues, as i read on here as to why most people purchase them. reason for my selection was because of the extended pleasure as advertised.here are my pros and cons:Pros1. if your someone with PE issues this is a great buy because the lubricant will numb somewhat of your private area.2. if your goal is to last for a very long time this condom will do the trick, i have lasted between 30 to 45 mins none stop.3. great condom to please a woman, due to its extended pleasure you can manage to give ur lady multiple orgasms.Cons1. you can practically last forever at times, sometimes you just want a quick one......might have to purchase another type of condoms...2. condom is made very thick, so u loose sensitivity at times.3. this condom is not good for oral at all, to many chemicals.in conclusion, this condom is great if your unselfish and what to please your woman with multiple orgasm or you have PE issues.....if you are a person that can last like a porn star this would not be a good buy.....lol...."
"67" "As soon as I used to get in my girlfriend, I would go nuts and end it. But with these  condoms, I can keep going and going. Actually it was so long, the V med started to wear off. It also kept her from pregnancy, at least till that other guy dated her."
"68" "Bought these when we weren't wanting to conceive but didn't want to go back on birth control. My husband does not have PE issues, but I was wanting him to last a little longer. These definitely do the trick. However, at times, it could be too long."
"69" "It does help me to last a long long period. Admit to feel pleasant when hearing my girlfriend begged for a stop. But for me, the feeling down there was almost none. If you are into a quick or intense one, suggest having another one by side."
"70" "These are amazing! I've never had to really work for an orgasm before but with these it takes me a good half hour to reach climax. The lady loves them! It takes a little while for them to kick in so be patient, put one on during foreplay or just start and stop until you are desensitized enough."
"71" "This is a great price for the amount you receive.  I have this on subscribe and save and you cannot beat the price anywhere.  We have never had an issue with these condoms breaking and they do their job well.  They are not as thin as the Skyn condoms so if you are trying to find an extremely thin condom I would not recommend this brand.  These seemed to be roomier than Durex Extra Sensitive brand which we had used previously and seem thinner as well.  We definitely enjoy this brand and will continue to buy."
"72" "Unlike a lot of condoms on the market, these condoms have never given me a Yeast infection. The product does not list the ingredients of the lubricant used on these condoms but it must have little or no glycerin because that ingredient is what causes most yeast infections due to lubricant use.I just wish these condoms were a little more sensitive like Trojan Bareskin unfortunately those do lead to yeast infections for me."
"73" "These are some of my favorite condoms.  I like these as much as some of the more expensive \"ultra senstative\" or \"thin\" condoms.  I like them as much as the Trojan skin condoms for example and they are much cheaper."
"74" "This is the only condom that does it for me. Closest thing to not having anything on. This is the first time I get them online, which is of course very convenient."
"75" "It is very thin. You may feel, you haven't wear  anything. Really good product. I recommend for everyone. Less expensive as well."
"76" "Cheep. Feels good. You can still feel its there but no babies for 4 years and counting..."
"77" "Works great! Super thin, so you can feel really good compared to others that claim they're very thin. I had one break on me though, but I caught it, because I felt it happen and I had it on to far to the top of the condom."
"78" "I have always loved these, and this is the only brand I will let my boy friend use. He loves it because it feels thin, I love it because it doesn't cause allergies like most others. Price is great too!"
"79" "I've tried my fair share of condoms purchased off Amazon and these weren't bad.I was a little concerned about the reviews stating they had condoms break, but 6-7 into a 16-pack and so far so good.  And I haven't been going at a snails pace either.They are very thin.  This makes it somewhat difficult to put on.  As I am trying to unroll it (roll it down?), it frequently gets \"stuck\".  By \"stuck\" i mean that it tries to roll into itself (as if it were rolling back up).  So, in the dark, it can be a tedious process.They are a bit tight.  The extra material at the base is a little uncomfortable, but not unbearable unless maybe you keep it on for an extended period of time. A little difficult to get the condom off afterwards compared to other brands/styles.They actually smell pleasant.  A few of the major brands have some smelly condoms, which is slightly off-putting.  But these aren't noticeable, though if you happen to be up-close to it, it is pleasant.All in all, I probably won't buy again.  Might be better for a less girthy member.  I'll probably just purchase Lifestyles Skyn in the future.  Equal amount of pleasure, but easier to put on and take off, as they are a little larger."
"80" "Excellent feel and they don't break.  Could not be happier with theses as they are the next best thing to just skin"
"81" "We buy these condoms as they don't leave my wife hurting when done. Where as other condoms do.Pros:Made by trojan a name you can trustFits perfectly for me (above average but not huge)I actually feel like im having sex and am able to climax with this condom.I have never had this condom break on meNever had this condom slip offNo burning after sensation for me or the wife!Its a little wider at teh base so the bottom of teh condom doesnt leave stress marks.Cons:though thin still a condom and doesn't quite feel as good as the real thing.In short I highly recommend these to anyone. My wife likes them also and this is the only condom she likes."
"82" "I've used standard Trojans all my life and have always hated that they were so extremely tight, to the point of making me never want to wear a condom. It may be partially due to the fact that they don't roll all the way down to the base of my shaft which gives it a \"choking\" feeling, and that becomes unbearable after 5-10 minutes. I could live with it not rolling all the way down if they just weren't so damn tight. For reference I'm about 8.5\" long and 2\" wide (6.25\" around). I had never tried Magnums before because when I was younger my friends always joked about how they fit like a garbage bag, so I just never had a desire to try them. But last week I saw these on sale here on Amazon so I decided to order a pack and give them a shot...and I can't believe I waited this long to try them! They are SO much more comfortable, and now I don't dread putting on a condom anymore!! They also have a much more natural feeling than regular Trojans, they don't feel like a thick rubber balloon, and I'm guessing that's because they are the \"thin\" version. The thinner rubber makes it feel like you're not even wearing a condom, which is nice. I'd say if you're over about 7\" long or 6\" around (1.75\" wide) you should definitely give these a try.FOLLOW UP: I went through the entire pack and didn't have a single one rip, so I'm not sure why some of the other reviewers are complaining about that. I'm guessing since they're the \"thin\" version maybe if you don't have enough moisture then the friction will cause them to rip, but I...rather, my wife, has never had that problem. :) You can always use lube to keep them from ripping if things are a bit too dry down there."
"83" "You're probably going to try several different brands and types before finding the condom that's best for your situation.  While there are a lot of factors at play, in terms of condom fit and comfort, guys who are thicker are more likely to experience discomfort due to the ring of the condom being too tight.  That's where this Trojan Magnum can make all the difference.  These Magnums are probably a little less than an inch longer than non-Magnum Trojans styles (like the ENZ), but their diameter is at least a 1/2 inch larger and this makes them far more comfortable than others I've tried.Trojan has another version in this line called the Trojan Magnum Ecstasy 3 Pack that has the larger Magnum head for more \"wiggle\" room but with a base diameter that's between that of this Magnum Thin and that of Trojan ENZ.  This may be a good alternative if worried about the condom staying securely in place and depending on your situation that might be a good thing.  However, with the diameter of the Magnum Ecstasy at about 1/4\" smaller at the base I found them less comfortable.  Also, the Magnum Ecstasy version I tried had \"Warming and Tingling, Nonoxynol-9\" that left me feeling disconnected from the experience.This Magnum has a water-based lubricant, protects against both STD's and unwanted pregnancy, and for me, this thin version provides the greatest comfort and intimacy of all the versions I've tried in the Magnum line.  I've never encountered bunching or breaking as reported in a few of the other reviews.  These have never let me down (no pun intended) and work well for my situation.Read more ›"
"84" "Okay, I'd like to be as brief and as helpful as possible. Men who want to know about this product want to know about two things:1.  Can a man with an above average or large penis wear this condom comfortably (aka, without being squeezed to death)? Yes...mostly2.  Is this condom actually thinner?  In other words, can I have pleasurable sex with this thing? Absolutely YESI'm a larger guy who needs a bigger condom.  I've been married for years.  I don't always wear a condom, but when I do, I wear Magnum.  Always.  Magnum is my brand because they don't strangle my junk.  A few days ago, I wore a regular Magnum. There was plenty of room for my junk, but no pleasure.  We had been apart for 2 weeks, and when we got down to business, we were seriously horny...Orgasm should've been easy, right?  Well, we both felt like we were humping a piece of rubber.  I didn't enjoy the experience, and neither did my wife.  So, the next night, I tried a Magnum thin. As for me, it's a little snug at the base....It doesn't seem to be as roomy as a regular magnum, but still better than a non-Magnum size condom.  As for the feel, I'm not going to be the guy who says it feels like there's nothing on.  I mean, let's be honest:  If you're wearing a condom, sex isn't as good in the opinion of most people.  BUT if you ask me, can you still have freakin' awesome sex with explosive orgasms wearing this thing?  MY ANSWER IS A RESOUNDING YES!!!!!  I secretly put this Magnum Thin on without telling my wife (she assumed it was the regular Magnum).  I wanted to see if she noticed the difference.  Within seconds, the first words out of her mouth were: \"Wow, this actually feels so much better tonight.\"  I thought so as well.  It is definitely thinner, and to put it courteously, fun was had by all.  If you need to wear a larger condom and you actually want to feel like you're having sex with a woman, then this is your condom."
"85" "I am not pregnant still so I would say I am happy ☺"
"86" "This is a great product, and at this price, it makes no sense to ever have to buy in a store (which I find embarassing to begin with).  In my local Connecticut stores, you usually will end up spending $10+ to get a 10-12 pack of Trojans.  A 26 pack at this price is a no-brainer.I have found these \"ecstacy\" types to occasionally have a \"weird\" smell.  My girlfriend doesn't seem to notice/mind, so I could be alone in this thinking, but I could definitely do without the smell.  Also, she has mentioned that this type causes a very different sensation than any other condoms for her.  She says it is not bad, per say, but not something she wants to use every single time.  I personally don't really think it feels much different on my end.Anyways, I have never had any issues with breaks using these and as I've said, they are at a good price, so I will keep buying until something changes!"
"87" "Personally Trojan has always been my brand of choice. Before buying this I had used only the stimulation/ribbed one. I thought the shape would be more comfortable for my partner and he agreed. So far we've used all except the pure. Yes, the double did have a bit of rubbery smell to it but it wasn't as overwhelming to me as some made it out to be. My favorite was the the fire ice honestly lol. I've used cooling/menthol lube in the past and it just felt like a cold burn. This was nice and tingly. Also, out of the three we've used, they we're all the same size (which is a little bigger than an average condom). I read in other reviews customers saying they were different sizes??Good price, good value, no babies = 5 stars from me."
"88" "These are probably te best condoms I've tried. I ordered the other variety pack with the ENZ before and that thing suffocated my penis. These fit perfectly and works the best. Definitely recommend these more than any other condom brands."
"89" "Trojan is obviously a good brand as for the different kinds? THERE ARE GREAT!  Feels so real that sometimes my boyfriend has to pull out just to make sure that it's still on. These are way cheaper on amazon than in my local drug store (Rite Aid, CVS etc...)"
"90" "Not pregnant yet! 😆"
"91" "I hate opening a condom and smelling a combination of new rubber tires and hospital gloves. These condoms have no scent, and I think they've gotten the thickness just right... just thick enough so that they're very easy to roll on."
"92" "Love these are non-latex and the NO chemical or rubber smell because of it!  This is a great deal as I can't find anything except like a 3 or 12 pack at the local stores for a much higher price.  Shipping these to home makes for a nice \"discreet\" purchase.  I am a female reviewer... Will buy again!"
"93" "I'm so happy with these, as is my boyfriend. I used to use another brand but he ordered them on a whim. I'm so glad he did. I always seem to have issues after using latex condoms, plus they never feel just right. With these, I can't tell if he's wearing anything. I've actually had to ask him if he was sure he put one on. I highly recommend these, to anyone really. I'm yet to find a better condom."
"94" "Worth the money!! A complete different experience... the best part is probably the great heat conduction. It actually feels really close to condom-free sex."
"95" "As someone in a long-term monogamous relationship, I recently needed to start using condoms. My criteria were pretty simple: as thin as possible while maintaining protection against unwanted pregnancy.The search began and in the year since, these have proven to be the best for meeting my criteria.  I've tried 7 brands to date, and nothing quite matches up to this one. I will add that I have not tried lambskin as the price points for the better ones don't quite match up with how often my partner and I enjoy having sex.The ONLY reason I can't give it 5 stars is the packaging.  Holy hell ... you're all fired up and try to open up a new box - next thing you know you've got a half-chub and you're still fumbling with the ridiculous plastic wrap that seems to be impossible to open unless you're not in the throes of love making.I could open the box before-hand - which I do - but sometimes you just don't realize you're out.Anyway, love this condom and recommend it to others strongly."
"96" "These have been my choice for more than 5 years. There have been very few failures and provide good feeling for me and my wife. I was happy to be able to get 48 conveniently without having to go to the store. I feel the need to write this review to let others know that the expiration date on the boxes I received is only 10 months out. Fortunately for me, it won't be a problem to use them before then but I feel that others may want to keep this in mind. Another sign that they were old is that the packaging has been redesigned and this was the old box.I checked the box that I just threw away and it was dated 4 years out...so these have been sitting in a warehouse somewhere."
"97" "Wife read that she should be off the pill for six months before becoming pregnant.  After trying these, she doesn't want to try any other condom and definitely doesn't want to go back to other condoms.  I like them because they are relatively inexpensive and they allow me to have sex. It's like I'm 15 again."
"98" "Worked as expected, however partner did mention some irritation.  Looking for new partner"
"99" "Before purchasing these, the condoms I purchased were the #1 best seller on amazon, the Trojan ENZs. They always had a strong latex smell, but they were the only condoms I'd used so I thought that all condoms were like that.My current partner mentioned to me that this wasn't the case, and that most of the condoms she had used before didn't smell like latex. We purchased these to try it out.Not only do these not smell like latex at all, but they also feel much better. They are much thinner and allow much more feeling. I would highly recommend these."
"100" "These are the best ever. Tried many others including the Crown ones. I definitely got more warmth from these and the smell was much more pleasant."
"101" "This is a good innovation.  There are only three condoms that even come close to this one and I will rank them all in this review: the Trojan Naturalamb Lubricated Condoms, 10ct (packaging may vary), the Lifestyles Skyn Selection Condoms, 24 Count, and the Okamoto Condom 0.03 Platinum Condoms 10p.  The closest comparison is the Okamoto, which supposedly holds the Guinness World Record for being the thinnest.I would rate them as follows:1. LELO Hex2. Okamoto 0.033. Lifestyles SKYN4. NaturalLambThe LELO fits well and does not slip. It seems slightly longer than average, but with an average width.  The sensation is very good.  The wife says she can feel the hexagonal ribs, but it is not overpowering to the point where it feels unnatural like some ribbed condoms. It is only slightly more expensive than the Okamoto, but I believe it is worth the difference.  It seems like a stronger condom than the Okamoto and definitely has more room in it than the Okamoto, which can be rather snug.  I tried to break the LELO and it was TOUGH.Both the LELO and the Okamoto are better than the SKYN.  The NaturaLamb probably has the best sensation of any of these, but it is very expensive, fits like a baggie, and does not protect against STIs.I highly recommend the LELO Hex. It is a long-overdue innovation."
"102" "Let me start out by saying I am on certain medications that make it difficult to finish what I start - Especially when wearing condoms. The first thing I noticed, was this rolls on like a second skin. The fit is FANTASTIC! I'd compare it to finger cuffs, in that the condom flexes with each movement and get tighter and almost feels like wearing nothing. The wrapper is easy to open, even if your fingers are a bit slick. One partner reached multiple Oh's and described a very pleasurable experience with Lelo Hex. The sensations I felt allowed me to get where I wanted to go, too!You wont be dissappointed!"
"103" "These are the thinnest feeling condoms I have ever worn and feel great. I did not notice any special sensation from the raised inner hexagons and really cannot tell if they are any stronger because of it but there have been no tears so far. It's not the same as going bareback but this is as close as I have found, very happy with these."
"104" "These are awesome, ignore the lesbian that for some reason bought these. The condom is extra tight, which works great with the thin hexagonal latex. It seems the hexagons add friction so the condom is actually not moving during sex."
"105" "Was not able to sense any changes to the fit, but the performance was very good with no stretching or breakage.  The line was decent and lasted a long time.They were difficult to separate, the perforated end could be improved.  The different shape was interesting and rather small in diameter.  These did not have a horrible smell either, which was quite pleasant.Each barrier did what they were supposed to do."
"106" "This is the first change to the basic design in years and years, and it's a great success.  Unfortunately, this is marketed as a luxury item and carries a cost associated with luxury, putting it out of reach of the people who need it most."
"107" "Interesting design. I must say these fit better than a normal condom and stay on better too. The feel is amazing, super thin. This is definitely my preferred condom now, the design is just head and shoulders above the rest."
"108" "Love these condoms. No smell. Great fit and super thin like I'm not even wearing anything at all. I've used Trojans, Durex, Lifestyles...you name it but they don't come close to this. This will be a permanent switch and I'm so glad someone changed the game for condoms."
"109" "These are hands down the holy grail of condoms. I've been a long time user of Naturalamb condoms and always loved the sensations from them but those are weird, smelly condoms. My new girlfriend developed an allergy to the Naturalamb condoms so I set out for something new and disovered the .002 condoms from Okamoto. The Okamoto's are definitely better than traditional American condoms but still had that latex condom feeling.So then I ordered these, not expecting much more. Wow. My girlfriend immediately commented that it felt totally bare and I agreed. We went through the entire 5-pack in just a few days. I am of average to slightly above average size and they fit like a glove - but not too tight - and stay on securely. I check to make sure it's still on right before I finish since it's impossible to tell if it's on and it's been there every time. Everything from the packaging to the look and feel of these condoms are classy an expensive. If you can afford it go for them. It gets expensive if you have a girlfriend and use them regularly, but if you are single guy and only need them a few times a month then the price is well worth it considering how much you are spending on dating and going out."
"110" "Perfect. I could even feel the V-temperature inside when I... lol you know.I'm sure if I add a photo, I will lose my amazon account haha :p"
"111" "It's pretty amazing how thin they are, yet can still do the job.  And it's *almost* like you're not wearing anything, but there's no doubt that you are.  But still, it's the most sensation you can reasonably expect to feel, while wearing protection.  Then why am I rating them 4 stars, instead of 5?  Two reasons.  One: the high price.  Two: they are easily torn when putting them on.  You really have to be careful in the heat of the moment to not poke a hole in it (and waste a condom)."
"112" "First off, I must confess that I have never had intercouse without a condom in my life. Therefore, I am unable to gauge if using these condoms are the closest thing to having sex bareback. However, I have used my fair share of latex & polyurethane condoms to which I prefer polyurethane over latex, & out of every condom I used this was by far the most sensitive I ever encountered. The first time I used this condom I immediately noticed a difference in sensation. My exact words upon insertion was \" Oh S***....Damn.\" These condoms are pricey but if you are looking for sensitivity, it's worth it. The only drawback about these condoms are that they are short & don't roll all the way down to the base the way a condom should. These condoms seem durable though despite being the thinnest condoms on the market, & have reliably  withstood the motion in the ocean never busting on me which is typical of polyurethane condoms. I would highly recommend these condoms. They're the best I have ever used."
"113" "Truly the best condom I have ever used. It's amazing how thin they have managed to make this condom. I love it."
"114" "I've tried all of durex condoms,  Okamoto crown,  Okamoto 0.002, and Trojan ultrathin but none of them can compare to this holy grail of a condom. It doesn't feel like nothings there but comes damn close.  I was surprised when I first tried these because it turned me into a one minute man.  I am so glad I found these.  I can stay safe and not feel like I'm wearing a plastic bag.  Win-win."
"115" "I hate wearing condoms. My ex girlfriends and I use to get into arguments over the topic many many times. So when I heard these came out I was a bit skeptical. I previously tried Trojan's Naturalamb. Which at the time was the best option available. But upon recieving these Sagami 001's I immediately knew it was going to be better. This thing feels thinner than saran wrap  you actually feel it might break because its so thin. Almost like if someone sprayed a thin flim of polyurethane on your junk.On to the testing! The biggest challenge is if you can get a nut off using a toy like a fleshlight or something. Which I successfully did. That is a IMPOSSIBLE task usually when wearing a condom (Makes clean up a lot easier) and I was very surprised at how great they felt. Next I tried to break the condom by pulling it down and around and they help up just like any other condom.My only criticism is that sometimes the head area can bundle up. So it is suggested to put a little drop of water based lube on the head area to help with comfort. (Not on the whole shaft or this thing will slide further and futher down) but this tip goes for all condoms.Final thought: I still prefer going natural but I recommend to any of you gents to buy a box and see for yourself. I am very excited condom technology has got this far. I hope a decade from now it will improve even more to make sex feel just like going raw but protected at the same time. And I think the Japs will be the ones to invent that."
"116" "M-U-C-H better than the regular Bare Skin condoms. I don't do many reviews, let alone one for a condom, but this is well-deserved. As a female, this was SO much better for me. Everything was intensified. My partner did not complain either and told me that he felt no difference between the regular Bare Skin condoms and these. However, I felt a BIG difference. I pray they never discontinue this line. Thanks and rock on!"
"117" "Mmm...  Feels the good.  And I'm repeatedly not pregnant. :)"
"118" "I have no kids, so 5 stars here!  Works as described."
"119" "When I first used these...I had to keep checking if it was still on. The best ever."
"120" "These are great. Regular old condoms, nothing special. My girlfriend is not pregnant, so that's always a plus. Go team!"
"121" "These condoms are the best, everything that you would expect from Trojan. Absolutely no breaks, ever! Good sensitivity. And a great price. Definitely our favorite! They are lightly lubed--some people might prefer more lube, but we find this works better for us than any of the super lubed ones. If you need some extra oomph in the bedroom, try Vialus Vialus –Male Enhancement to Improve Performance, Size, Energy, Stamina, & Libido they really work!"
"122" "waited to write a review after I used them all, and also after \"that time of the month.\" 36/36 of these condoms did not lead to pregnancy. That is a 100% efficiency rate. I would recommend this to a friend, family member, or even religious leaders."
"123" "I would rather not use these but babies are terrifying and they eat all your food."
"124" "these are awesome and they come with so many. I like that it came with 36 condoms because I was able to put one condom on my penis and every single one of my fingers and toes with extra to spare"
"125" "So I basically just use these to jack off since I can't ever pick up women. Whatever lol"
"126" "A few weeks ago we got the \"barely there\" from trojan...it's true, they were barely there...because they kept breaking! So I wasnt about to get risky with those again. These work much better, no breaking! And they are also thin and lubricated. Makes for some fun that I don't have to worry about! :)"
"127" "Reading Amazon reviews is way more fun than Youtube comments."
"128" "As someone in a long-term monogamous relationship, I recently needed to start using condoms. My criteria were pretty simple: as thin as possible while maintaining protection against unwanted pregnancy.The search began and in the year since, these have proven to be the best for meeting my criteria.  I've tried 7 brands to date, and nothing quite matches up to this one. I will add that I have not tried lambskin as the price points for the better ones don't quite match up with how often my partner and I enjoy having sex.The ONLY reason I can't give it 5 stars is the packaging.  Holy hell ... you're all fired up and try to open up a new box - next thing you know you've got a half-chub and you're still fumbling with the ridiculous plastic wrap that seems to be impossible to open unless you're not in the throes of love making.I could open the box before-hand - which I do - but sometimes you just don't realize you're out.Anyway, love this condom and recommend it to others strongly."
"129" "These have been my choice for more than 5 years. There have been very few failures and provide good feeling for me and my wife. I was happy to be able to get 48 conveniently without having to go to the store. I feel the need to write this review to let others know that the expiration date on the boxes I received is only 10 months out. Fortunately for me, it won't be a problem to use them before then but I feel that others may want to keep this in mind. Another sign that they were old is that the packaging has been redesigned and this was the old box.I checked the box that I just threw away and it was dated 4 years out...so these have been sitting in a warehouse somewhere."
"130" "Wife read that she should be off the pill for six months before becoming pregnant.  After trying these, she doesn't want to try any other condom and definitely doesn't want to go back to other condoms.  I like them because they are relatively inexpensive and they allow me to have sex. It's like I'm 15 again."
"131" "Worked as expected, however partner did mention some irritation.  Looking for new partner"
"132" "Before purchasing these, the condoms I purchased were the #1 best seller on amazon, the Trojan ENZs. They always had a strong latex smell, but they were the only condoms I'd used so I thought that all condoms were like that.My current partner mentioned to me that this wasn't the case, and that most of the condoms she had used before didn't smell like latex. We purchased these to try it out.Not only do these not smell like latex at all, but they also feel much better. They are much thinner and allow much more feeling. I would highly recommend these."
"133" "These are the best ever. Tried many others including the Crown ones. I definitely got more warmth from these and the smell was much more pleasant."
"134" "No funny smelling lube like Trojan has. Non-irritating for sensitive users, good amount of lube, and very strong. Have gone through ~200+/- of these and I'll never go back to the durex or trojan brands. These feel better, fit better for him(slightly larger, the base is not over tight to be uncomfortable like durex but plenty tight to keep everything inside and no slipping or sliding around), and in the 200 I have not had ANY break. In the same amount of trojan and durex I has several break. I'm very happy with these condoms, would definitely recommend and will continue to purchase more.Also they're red in color."
"135" "Bow to the crown--I, Lary, husband and lover of Louise, first of my name and true Samaritan do hereby most thoroughly endorse this jumbo box of condoms. Wifey she like me for lifey because/ i slip on a condom when i slip off my drawers/ she know she don't wanna have bun in the oven/ cause without all these condoms we would have a coven!out"
"136" "product arrived on time, had 100 in the box, couldn't be happier.these condoms are by far my favorite. I have tried everything from thick'n'ribbed to the thinnest-not-even-there boutique condoms - these are the most reliable and comfortable out of them all. with the thinner ones, i always had trouble with them breaking from getting on it too hard, and obviously the thicker ones feel like your banging a rubber glove. these seem to grab the pros from both spectrums - solid enough to withstand the dirtiest of evenings and smooth enough to make you think wearing condoms aint all that bad.....the pink color is a little off setting tho, but how much time are you going to spend looking at your junk?"
"137" "My boyfriend was pretty confused when these arrived. \"You ordered condoms... off AMAZON?\"Not much to say about these. They work. Haven't had any breaking, nor surprised since we've never had a break. They aren't as lubed as Trojan's spermicidal condoms, which is what we used before, but they definitely are thinner. Will most likely order again."
"138" "Silky soft, and more durable than Trojan.  Doesn't dry me out after use.  Very sensitizing.  No real odor.  Lightly lubricated.  The pink color makes it virtually invisible when wearing.  Stays put.  I've had trouble with other brands trying to slip off."
"139" "Great deal on condoms. I've already bought this product 3 times. Condoms aren't the greatest, but they get the job done on organs and toys. These are really stretchy. Sometimes on really large toys (>10in) they can break, but they're so cheap that it's not much of a loss."
"140" "Crown condoms are fantastic as far as condoms go.You can still feel plenty of sensitivity with these condoms on, and they also feel very strong as well.These are an all-around great and comfortable condom."
"141" "We've gone through several hundred of these now, and they've been very reliable (we use them for birth control).  They are also somewhat thinner than the other brands we've used (mostly Trojan), and seem to interfere less with sensation. Odor is minimal and not objectionable."
"142" "These are great! I use to have horrible reactions to the ingredients in trogen condoms! I have had zero problems with these and I am going on almost 1.5 years using them!My husband agrees they are on the tighter side, but does not effect pleasure or comfort!We have never had a break! Like we use to have with trogen! Very highly recommend!"
"143" "I bought these because they are vegan, but I must say I was impressed by the look of the box and the individual packets. They work well, the only reason I gave it a 4 out of 5 is because one broke and we all know thats not cool. But it was ultra thin so I guess sometimes it'll happen."
"144" "I never thought about how hard it would be to review condoms until it came time to do it. The goal is to not get pregnant, and for that it has met expectations! Haha. These are lightly lubricated and have a smoothe feeling to them. They are thin but have never torn. And it's also visually pleasing and witty. I bought these because of the price point, quantity, and being prime eligible, and I was very pleased. Others have mentioned that they are tight, but my husband has not mentioned it. Overall great product."
"145" "Works as intended and I feel great knowing that they are derived without animal products. Thanks to Amazon for making them affordable and accessible! :)"
"146" "Great product!  I've tried the ultra thin, ribbed, and pleasure dots and my favorite are the ultra thin.Great fit and feel!"
"147" "My absolute favorite. It's the closest feeling to not wearing one for everyone involved, to the point that once in a blue moon I panic because I thought it fell off. Also my wife gets allergic reactions to most condoms, including Naturalamb, but this one is fine. Also strong and reliable if you were worrying about that because of the thinness.Well worth the extra $$$."
"148" "These are some of the best feeling condoms I have ever used. I have ordered the thinnest condoms in the world and used the okamoto brand for years, but these feel great and feel almost like nothing on."
"149" "Here's the deal... Condoms are a sensitive subject, and although I've purchased this product several times through Amazon, I've held off reviewing them until now.  These run a bit snugger than others I've worn, but they're not uncomfortable and they do give an ultra thin fit and feel.  I haven't had any break, though that has never been a common experience for us either.  The box is discreet, the individual products are very sleek and give a more elegant look.The main reason we buy these, though, is to know that they're cruelty-free.  When I'm able to find a product that is as good or better than the off-the-shelf products at a drug store that has the added bonus of less impact on animals, we try to go that route.  The price on these has been increasing steadily, and I hope they stop at least to match the regular prices we find in stores.All in all, a great product with a great look and cruelty free."
"150" "This is innovation of condom world.As I am originated from Asian country, I have heard the fame of this product for a long time since it first came out.I was using Trojan until I finally get to buy this product and the whole story got changed.It may sounds like fraud or something but to be honest, it feels like it is not there even though I got one put on.It makes the nights even happier than it may used to be.Trust me, if you are afraid of paying ton of money on this compared to other decent priced condom from other company, try to get less amount packaged one and give it a try.You will totally understand what I am talking about."
"151" "We normally use Sagami 0.01 (which are pretty costly, but my guys worth it) but in a pinch, we had to use these. We were pleasantly surprised. Not only were these cheaper, my guy lasted a lot longer with these then with the Sagami 0.01. I suspect there is quite abit difference in the sensation for him, but as a woman I didn't notice anything other then him lasting longer.Sagami 0.02 = Cheaper; Last Longer; Lesser Sensation For HimSagami 0.01 = Twice The Price; Shorter Experience; Almost Next To Wearing NothingIf you're trying to please your lady with a longer experience, then I'd go with Sagami 0.02, but if you're looking for a barely there sensation and have the stamina and control of a Stallion...then by all means, pay for the Sagami 0.01!"
"152" "I tried 001 before. I think although the 002 is 0.01mm thicker than 001, I do not really feel that because they are both very very thin condoms and their ability to transmit the temperature are similar. You do not need spend extra money on 001. I definitely recommend this one."
"153" "Great condom! It's a kind of snug, maybe even a little small, but once its on and in use it feels like nothing is there. Each condom is in a container that sort of looks like the thing asian jelly candies are stored in. This seems like a quality way to protect a condom. Not sure if its functionally better than traditional wrappers though."
"154" "Great condoms that are super thin. I thought they'd break but nope. They were great and felt like I wasn't wearing anything at all!! They also come individually packaged which was something unique and awesome!"
"155" "I usually just buy Trojan's Ultra Thin Sensitivity for my partner, but these...We both prefer these over the thinnest trojan.  He tends to last longer with these on and can even go again right after.They're a tad expensive, but I always buy them when a birthday or Valentines Day is coming up."
"156" "What can I say except: 5 stars I didn't get pregnant."
"157" "Avoid the embarrassing trip to the store and find more variety on Amazon.  The ribs are tiny wrinkles that add a little something extra to the event.  Fits comfortably and keeps people from having babies. Yay!"
"158" "These condoms don't really fit my 6-incher... not only that, they feel way too tight around my dick and they really don't feel that different from non-ribbed Magnums. As much as I am a huge fan of Magnums, I say stick with the original and don't go with these \"ribbed\" ones."
"159" "My fiance is fairly thick. He said they were a bit snug, but we had no breakage even during a rambunctious encounter."
"160" "No one's pregnant so that all the proof one needs right!! They do dry out so you will need to use an external lube if you want to keep enjoying the thrusting motions."
"161" "I'm big and I still wanna feel sensation these work very well"
"162" "The ridges that circled the circumference were a please to use with my partner. The slight size difference for magnum in comparison to the regular sized trojan brands were a comfort to myself."
"163" "Man, it's weird trying to review Condoms.(edit: no kids.  they worked!)"
"164" "The shape, the ribs and the lube help provide a great feel.  Moreover, regardless of position, it doesn't slip or move around."
"165" "No burning sensations when I pee. No texts saying \"Hey come get that baby that you made\". I consider this product a success."
"166" "I dislike condoms in general but it does it's job. Call me selfish but I usually wear various \"for her pleasure\" designs inside-out. That's probably a misuse of the product and it doesn't enhance the sensations for me anyway."
"167" "When I bought these, I was pretty paranoid that they would all have expiration dates of 1 year from my date of purchase. Luckily, they are all good till 2015! The bowl comes in a thin (and super jam packed) plastic bowl with four varieties of condoms (Natural Feeling, Pleasure Max, Extra Sensitive, Her Sensation. The picture is deceiving in that it shows a rainbow condom but that was not included in the bowl). I'm not a believer that the condom type makes a huge difference, so the variety didn't really matter to me, but in case you are, each condom is color coded and you can tell what type they are by the black print on the non-colored side of the condom.The condoms themselves are pretty durable. I haven't had one break so far and honestly that's all the matters. So, if you need tons of condoms, this is the product for you.For those who are curious, you'd have to have sex 2.77 times a week in order to use up all these condoms in a year."
"168" "1. My girlfriend is not pregnant. I mean, not that I know of, anyway.2. There are a lot of condies swimming around in this fish bowl. Perfect for stashing all over the house like the Punisher hides guns everywhere."
"169" "I thought I'd never get a handle on Halloween. I tried giving out homemade candy apples -- the parents wouldn't accept them. I tried buying bulk candy and putting it in little baggies -- no dice. You can get little boxes of raisins in great quantity, but cleaning the toilet paper out of the trees wasn't worth it the next day.So imagine my glee at finding this one-stop-shopping solution. Individually wrapped? Check. Colorful variety? Check. Enough for the dozens of trick-or-treaters we get at Halloween? Check. They even come in their own jar!All this needs is a \"PLEASE TAKE ONE\" sign and I'll be all ready for October 31st. Let's see the neighborhood watch find something wrong with my candy THIS year!"
"170" "I bought this for my fish, a Beta named Carlos.  A \"variety fish bowl condom\" you say?  I thought you put it over your fish bowl to make it easier to change the water.  You just snap it on, flip it over and BAM, done.  But no, it's filled with actual Durex condoms.  Not being the wasteful type, I feng shuied them around in there, added some water and now Carlos has a styling new bachelor pad.  No more awkward search of the nightstand when he has over a lady-Beta.  He is literally, and I mean literally, swimming in condoms.  All in all, not what I expected but a high quality product."
"171" "\"Life is like a condom fishbowl; you never know what you're going to get\" The packages don't seem to say what the condom type will be (lubed, studded, ultra thin, etc.) so it is always a surprise."
"172" "Very pleased with this purchase.  Great value for the number of condoms.  Plus we actually received an extra four which makes it even better value.  The types we received were Avanti bare,  extra sensitive,  and flavored.  Better than 75% of them were the extra sensitive type which is fine by us because those happen to be out favorite of what we received,  but if we were truly looking for variety I would have been disappointed.  All condoms feel the same to me  (female)  but my boyfriend notices a difference.  He doesn't care for Avanti bare ones because he feels they are tighter than a standard condom and he doesn't like how tight they are at the base.  We will probably use these last if we use them at all.  And even if we don't use them,  there were only about 20 of them so we would still have gotten a great value overall.  The other type we received we're flavored condoms with about half being strawberry (red)  and half being apple (green) .  I personally wish they weren't colored but I know that most flavored condoms are. All of them expire at leat three years out from the date I ordered them.  Some don't expire for 4. We are very satisfied with this purchase and will be buying them again.  Though it will probably be a while before we need to!"
"173" "The Okamoto 004 is the best overall Latex condom I have come across so far. It basically fits like a regular US condom while being thinner at 0.04. The few condoms in this range in the US such as the Trojan Bareskin and Durex Avanti Bare Latex at about 52mm were way too tight at the base ring. The Okamoto 004 is 7 inches in Length and around 54mm in width making it fit more comfortable at the base ring. It has smooth Latex. As of 2014 these Japanese brands of condoms are my favorites. While I would use any condom if I had to, the Japanese condoms especially the Okamoto 004 are the only condoms I personally buy now. My next research project is comparing the Sagami 002 Regular, the Okamoto 002 Large, and the Okamoto 004 to see if I like the Polyurethane (that are difficult to unroll) or the Latex (that are smoother and unroll easier) better. Condoms are a main reason I'm going to sign up for Amazon Prime to get the faster shipping of condoms. Okamoto USA may be starting to expand some more, so maybe the prices will begin to go lower. As of now in 2014 the main Latex condom I personally buy is the Okamoto 004."
"174" "Nice quality condom. Very thin and comfortable. However, it runs small. watch out for the size. It got very tight wrapping on me. I don't know how this is going to fit others. But not the right fit for me. too small."
"175" "Having used most variations of the popular brands (Trojans, Durex, and LifeStyle) in the US at one time or another this is far and away the best I've tried so far. It's incredibly thin and feels like there's almost nothing there and I've had no breakage issues.I haven't tried any of the thinner Okamoto condoms yet since there were so many reviews about them breaking but am so impressed with these, I will. But I'll definitely be keeping a box of these and highly recommend them."
"176" "I bought a few types of condoms to try something new with my bf. These are by far the best. They seem smoother, sturdier, and stretcher than Trojan Supras (although Supras transfer heat better). They are both thinner and transfer heat better than Sir Richard's ultra thins, skyn condoms, and playboy ultra thins.These are by far the best I've ever tried. They don't smell and the lube doesn't irritate - like most durex and Trojans do."
"177" "I've used Okamoto Crowns for years.  You can get them dirt cheap.  These are like 5-10x more expensive.  Was expecting to notice more of a difference.  This is a product I'm willing to pay more for if it feels better so I'll give 0.02s a shot.  If not, back to the Crowns."
"178" "For the past few years I have been using  Kimonos and Crowns. I decided I would change it up and picked up a box of these. First thing I noticed was the packaging. These where very well packaged. Not that is matters. The fit was great, no funky plastic odors, and where very durable. My wife said they felt amazing, almost like I wasn't wearing one. So that's what really matters. I would recommend these. While they are a little pricey they are one of the best condoms I have ever tried."
"179" "They are thin, but that makes them great.  One broke, but it was my own fault.  Can't put that on the condom."
"180" "I've used these my entire lifetime. You won't find a better bang for your buck anywhere else with any other product.I've never been a fan of Trojan. Every time I use them I feel very uncomfortable, like they never seem to fit right, or the specified \"effect\" or \"special lubricant\" or whatever never seems to stack up to their claims. To my knowledge i'm not allergic to latex but with trojan condoms I seem to display qualities of a latex allergy without any of the more unpleasant side effects (swelling, inflamation, ect).Being that I didn't know if latex was the problem I decided for the hell of it to try something else and since lamb skin are less effective percentage wise, my friend recommended these to me about 5 years ago. After seeing a commercial I finally gave in and bought a bulk pack of like 12 or whatever, and I haven't bought another brand since.Not only are they extremely comfortable (as far as these type of products go) but they really do simulate the sensation of \"wearing nothing\" better than any other product on the market. Application and removal is a breeze. no bunching, snagging, pinching or any of those unpleasant problems posed by thick latex style products. And best of all they stretch and conform without ever losing their seal. Fantastic product."
"181" "I'm not allergic to latex, but my partner is ... unfortunately, until Skyn was introduced, he was limited to using polyurethane condoms (which feel a bit like a sandwich baggie -- no flexibility, just shape-maintaining sensation-limiting plastic) or to using latex condoms (i.e., Magnum XL) and just having to deal with the allergic skin reaction. As for my experience with the Lifestyles Skyn ... I don't have a latex allergy, but I'd tried a few polyurethane condoms and found them awful in every way. I had no particular problem with latex condoms, but after trying a Skyn for the first time I was instantly sold for life. These condoms are incredibly soft, flexible, heat-conductive, and not desensitizing, nor do they detract from stimulation. I can honestly say that when I use one of these I'm not even aware that there's a condom involved.One drawback (not for me personally, but for a small percentage of guys out there): If you're ... y'know ... \"oversized,\" you might find these too tight. My partner has this issue, and he's had much better luck with the Lifestyles Skyn Large, and still even better luck with Avanti Bare, which is the only other polyisoprene condom on the market."
"182" "Polyisoprene is extremely superior to latex in sensation and comfort, particularly in temperature transfer. Whether you have latex sensitivities or not, it's by far the best choice. Plus partners may be mildly irritated by latex and not be aware of it - using polyisoprene ensures a better chance of everyone having the best experience possible. Several people I've spoken with (men and women) said they could not tell even it was on."
"183" "Polyisoprene is the same polymer that natural latex is composed of, except synthetically produced and without the rest of the substances also found in latex, proteins etc (which give latex condoms both their allergenic properties and their characteristic smell). Skyn condoms, and polyisoprene condoms in general, are the best condoms I've ever used, and these days I refuse to buy and use anything else. There are multiple reasons why I find these superior to regular old latex condoms:- They don't seem to stick to the skin in the way that latex condoms do, instead following body movement and adapting to it. This makes them, in my experience, less likely to stretch excessively and rip, which had been an issue for me with latex condoms during particularly long sessions. I've never had one of these rip, come off accidentally, or anything of the sort.- In general they appear to have better tensile strength compared to latex condoms, so they're stronger but at the same time thinner and with a better sensation.- They have no particular smell or flavour.- They do not cause allergic reactions to people who are allergic to latex. And they are much, *much* better than any other non-latex condoms (namely, polyurethane ones). Trust me, I've tried those too.I've also tried recently the Durex polyisoprene condoms (“Avanti Bare” or ”Real Feel”, they can't seem to be able to decide on their marketing), but they were more expensive without offering any obvious benefit, so Skyn are the way to go."
"184" "We love this condom... We never had a scare until recently... It broke. We were wondering why these didn't come in their original box. Is this a wholesale business? Besides that incident, this is the to go brand for us since I'm allergic to latex."
"185" "Awesome product, feels like nothing's on. Especially when you can't use latex condoms, these are so sensitive for him and her. They are great!"
"186" "I have been a big fan of Trojan condoms forever, everyone knows of Trojan’s legendary reliability. Trojan ribbed have been my go-to for some time know. I decided to try Bareskin and they do deliver on feel – it is like you are wearing nothing at all. I have had some issues with tearing/breaking, so definitely be careful as you are getting extra feel but losing some strength with the thinner condom. Overall, a good product. If you are looking for a great libido booster, try Vialus –Male Enhancement to Improve Performance, Size, Energy, Stamina, & Libido let me tell you, you won’t be sorry!"
"187" "after carefully reading all the previous reviews I decided to give this a chance, actually im very happy i did, it really feels like you are wearing nothing and the best part of this is that i did not have any problem, I really recommend it, I first ordered a pack of 10 but I already ordered 3 more :-D"
"188" "Yea they're thin for sure and you can feel more while having sex. There is a trade off between thin and strength that people need to be aware of. They do break if you are not careful, and by careful I mean well lubricated. Life pro tip: don't finish inside."
"189" "These condoms are basically identical to the Zero Zero Four by Okamoto Okamoto 0.04 Zero Zero Four Condoms 10ea pack . They're both made in Japan and have the same type of font/type face for the expiration date and lot number. I've tried them both and they feel identical to each other. The fit and feel to these condom are exactly the same so if had to make a guess they're both made at the same plant. I can feel every little bump and ridge inside a girl when using either of these condoms! I've never had a problem with it breaking on me even with pretty rough action. For the other reviews that say they break you might need to add some more lube to prevent the friction from building up. This is the closest thing to nothing without going bareback. I'd suggest any guy or girl that frequents bars or clubs to carry one of these with you when you go out."
"190" "The female condom is amazing. It is more pleasurable for both the male & female than traditional condoms; and offers more protection against STDS that can be spread by skin to skin contact by covering the outer area of the vagina. The ring that remains out of the vagina adds extra clitoral stimulation and friction during inner course. My boyfriend question if I was really wearing it the first time we used one, because it felt sooo good he couldn't tell. I love that I can put it in before we even begin to mess around - so there is no momentum lost fumbling around for a condom. Plus since they are non latex you can use any lube you want. They are big, which seemed weird at first glance- but once I tried them I was hooked.  I just wish local stores carried them.I have literally given them to all my friends to try. I don't understand why they are not the preferred condom. All my friends who tried them made the switch."
"191" "The sensation as a man was pretty excellent. There is a lot less worry about slippage than with a traditional condom. My partner did complain about the weirdness that she was feeling when she first inserted it, but it was less noticeable after a small amount of time."
"192" "I dont know why these arent more popular, cant buy them locally anywhere. The best way to use them is with minimal lubrication on \"her\" side, preferably just none but her own, and use more lube on the inside. Otherwise it can slide in and out."
"193" "My husband and I really like these.  He is a bit larger, so they are more comfortable for him than regular condoms, and I like them for when I'm feeling extra sensitive and don't want quite as much stimulation. Also, the fact that they are nitrile instead of latex is a big plus.  I didn't think we would like these, but we very much do."
"194" "The product is easy to use and feels very natural."
"195" "Loved it - if you are looking for a non hormonal option - that  not only protects but lubricate - this is an excellent option. He enjoyed it too -- it is our go to contraception now!"
"196" "Perfect for faking that pee test the dr wants every month."
"197" "I hate condoms with Lubricant because it get all over the place and make you feel dirty where these condoms you can use them and everything feels the same \")"
"198" "Blue box now.  I use for emergency water containers in my survival gear.  Arrived quickly but with no separate packaging or cover up of product.  No issues.  Expires 2years plus from time i ordered it."
"199" "Very strong, yet thin.  No powdery residue.For those in the entertainment industry, we use them to cover wireless battery packs so the sweat from performers won't short out the mic packs."
"200" "Yeah... These are not only not lubricated but also have a powder in them that absorbs any moisture and makes it difficult to take off. Make sure its like the grand rapids in there too unless you just want to do a lot of knocking..."
"201" "Works good. Strong too. Premium condom, but I do wish there was more than 12 in the box! It says they are electronically tested so you know that each condom is guaranteed to not break!"
"202" "I bought these to pack in my Altoids tin survival kit so that in an emergency I can purify water in them. I couldn't find any non-lubricated condoms in stores so I went to trusty old Amazon and within seconds found these. The price is reasonable and I'm sure they work well at condoms also."
"203" "For a latex condom these aren't bad at all. They don't have a latex smell like some of the other brands (Durex and Trojan) do. They're pretty thin and very strong; however they're not as thin as the polyurethane condoms (Sagami) that I have been using the last year and half. Would I recommend these? Sure, for someone wanting an inexpensive yet reliable latex condom they're pretty good. As far as size goes; I'm average in width (55mm) and length; I guess I'm used to using polyurethane condoms that don't stretch and fit snug; something I was hoping would also be the case with these. The base of these holds pretty tight and the shaft is pretty close, but they stretch ALOT and don't hold tight quite like the poly condoms do that dont stretch. These came packaged lose inside a plastic mailing bag; they were doubled (two condoms) per piece; labeled not for retail sale. I was actually surprised to see these as in my mailbox because I had canceled my order; yet someone at CS must have made a mistake and sent them anyway. I'm not complaining, getting a bag chocked full of condoms for free isn't a bad deal. The dates were good till 2020; I opened three of them to see what they looked and felt like and all were nice silky smooth in texture and had no smell."
"204" "Drug Free Birth Control... ;)Who Could Ask for anything More.. ;)If Used Properly with Lubricant... 100% Effective for over 20+ Years of Marriage... 5 times a week for over 20+ years... ;)"
"205" "Well, simply put, it works well ;) Well lubed for frictionless activities. Doesn't suffocate the member when you put it one. Both parties were very satisfied after using this contraceptive! For this price you pay ($16), it is the best \"bang\" for your buck!"
"206" "I love them, they are extremely comfortable and you can barely feel them. They are also extremely durable, I tried breaking one with my hands but wasn't able to. For the price, they are almost too good to be true.The package is just a regular cardboard box, for those who are concerned about somebody else seeing them so you do not have to worry."
"207" "I've gone through 100 of these and they are good. I've not had any break on me so they are pretty durable.In my opinion, these are very good for the price. The only thing is that these are not exactly ultra sensitive. They feel like regular condoms similar to the original Trojan condoms. I've used Durex ultra sensitive and they felt thinner so I could feel more.I give this product a 4 star because it is advertised as ultra sensitive, but I don't feel any extra sensitivity. It could probably be advertised as normal/regular condoms and people would still buy it.Overall this is a great product. I've actually bought another 100 pack because they work great and are a good value."
"208" "Ordered these for $16.08 from \"A+ Chubby-D Emporium.\" The back of the condoms are marked as \"ULTRA SENSITIVE/SENSIBLES\" which is exactly what the retail ones I have used in the past said. My order arrived with an expiration date of April 2021, 4.5 years from my order date. I bought some Durex Extra Sensitive last month from the store and they expire in June of 2020, so win there!How do they perform?My girlfriend and I have been using both these and Durex Extra Sensitive (purple box) for several months now. She can't tell a difference. I think the Durex are a little thinner, but the LifeStyles are better lubricated. Both of these are noticeably thinner than everything else we've tried. We use some lube anyway so it was pretty much a tie. I looked up condoms on Consumer Reports and found that the LifeStyles ULTRA SENSITIVE made a perfect score! That's why I ended up going with these. Hard to argue with science and you certainly can't beat this price."
"209" "I have used Lifestyles before and they have never disappointed. It is an affordable brand that is practically the same as your Durex or Trojan. It was much cheaper to buy 100 at Ansell Limited than buying even 36 at other vendors on Amazon. They definitely have the best deals around."
"210" "This is I and my husbands favorite condom for pregnancy prevention! Easy to use, fit is good, transfers heat faster, and way more comfortable for both of us because it is not stiff/rubbery like the others. Comes with great instructions if that is a plus for anyone :) Not sure why people make a big deal out of the smell. I can't even tell unless I put it right up to my nose and even then it is very mild. Highly recommend for you to try! It is way cheaper on Amazon than anywhere else I can find. We bought a pack of three at Walgreens to try them before we bought the big pack. The pack of 3 at Walgreens cost over 15 dollars! I couldn't believe it! Over 5 bucks per condom, and just over 2 dollars on Amazon. Thanks for the great product at a great deal!"
"211" "i gave this a 5 star rating because it allows the user the most pleasurable sensation a condom can ever produce.  It is, by far, the most quality Condom because you actually feel like you do not have a Condom on at all.  And would especially recommend it to those who find orgasm quite difficult with other, more thicker Condoms."
"212" "Having 3 kids, 1 of which is 6 weeks old my wife and I are in no hurry for another one. We have looked at tons of options but I don't want a vasectomy and neither of us wants her on some jacked up pharmaceutical conconction to prevent birth so we opted for condoms. Disafisfied by how they feel we have tried a ton of them and settled on Skyn because I thought that was as good as it could get. After doing a bit of research online I found these and thought I would give them a try so I went to my local CVS to buy a 3 pack just to give them a go before buying in bulk. We are both absolutely hooked. She says it doesn't pull and cause friction like a regular condom. For me I literally could not even tell I was wearing a condom. I'm not exaggerating either. I had to continually check that it was still in because I could not believe what I was feeling. Needless to say I have now ordered in bulk. They do cost more yes, but they are a lot cheaper than a kid and well worth it to me for the feeling. I would pay triple for them if I had to. Being married with 3 kids we might get to have sex 2-3 times per week. So that's about $5-7 a week. $20-30 a month for a lot more fun than anything else is gonna offer for that price. I will never go back to regular condoms. Doesn't protect against STDs but you shouldnt be out screwing some random chick anyways. Take it from someone who has lived both scenes. Married sex is way better than random sex. Hands down."
"213" "If you have to use a condom for birth control, these are the best."
"214" "Like the real thing like having nothing on"
"215" "Very pleased with this product."
"216" "No children yet."
"217" "It may be a bit odd for a woman to rate these, but I have to help encourage men to use them.  I love sex as much as anyone, and keeping safe is VERY key.  These condoms help keep me safe, and feel amazing on my side.  My male partners also really appear to enjoy them a lot too.  No complaints on either end with these great condoms.As an addition, sex is often more enjoyable with some extra lubricant.  I have found that when he is using a condom with ribs, it tends to need some extra lubricant to keep me from getting a bit sore or raw.  I'm just trying to make this a great review and informational for the gents so you keep your lady happy and healthy.  Also keep in mind some ladies have allergies to latex, so never use these with a woman who does.I also want to add that those of you gents who do use lube, that you use water based so as not to cause a condom failure and put everyone at risk.For those of you who explore more non-traditional sex, make sure to take your time, use lots of lube, go slow and lubricate multiple times.  These condoms work well for this too, just take it easy.One last thing, for you gents to remember, these do have an expiration date, so keep them current, keep them handy, and keep some lube with you as well.So gentleman, do the right thing and get some to keep with you, and keep you and your partner safe.  Trust me, your partner will enjoy these greatly!Feel free to ask any questions you may have.Lisa"
"218" "My wife loves these. Less lubricant than other condoms so there's a bit more friction for her pleasure. Inside it feels like numbing lubricant is present which extends my endurance. I have also been using Testorin - Powerful Testosterone Booster to Supercharge Your Workouts and Sex Drive and Increase Muscle Mass. and it has really helped me in the bedroom! Thanks amazon."
"219" "Overall Good condom. They're ribbed but my Girlfriend said she didnt feel a difference. But they work well and havent ripped on me yet. Trojan are the Best!"
"220" "For me, the most important thing in a condom is the strength and durability. I dont care about the thickness or other things in a condom so i dont have anything to say but that this condom is unbreakable and I can really trust it."
"221" "It won't change your sex life but it should help to make your partner enjoy the process a little more. The ribs seem to work well and the latex is thick enough to feel sturdy."
"222" "These are mine and my wife's favorite Trojan variety. We're very happy with them and we like that they came in a bigger size box. And at a better price than walmart."
"223" "Great condoms, very comfortable and very strong. I Defenitly will be purchasing them again. P.s. They shipped them in 40 count not 36, a major plus!"
"224" "Product arrived on time, everything came in tact as I was hoping and I have a lot of good times ahead to look forward to with a price like this."
"225" "Great condoms, very comfortable and very strong. I Defenitly will be purchasing them again. P.s. They shipped them in 40 count not 36, a major plus! Product arrived on time, everything came in tact as I was hoping and I have a lot of good times ahead to look forward to with a price like this."
"226" "Zero pregnancies, zero breakages, and they are thin enough that you feel the sides.  I would buy this product again but since I am married a hundred will last me at least 23 years, and by that time menopause will set in and these will no longer be necessary."
"227" "Here's my review, first off, I didn't purchase from Amazon. I got it from condomdepot .com. I purchased a 24 pack ($9.99), googled for a discount, found one at 12% off, and used the free priority shipping.  It states that it'll take 7-10 business days for delivery, but mine only took 2 days. I was shocked! Of course it'll vary depending on your location. In total, I paid $8.79.  These condoms were voted #1 about 6 years in a row. The reviews on there are great and if anyone gave a low rating, it had to do either with size or the light lubrication. The former can't be helped; the latter is an easy fix. The pack sizes you can order from are 12, 24, 54, 102 and 252. Prices run from $6.99 (lowest) to $59.99 (highest), they also sell it in bulk. I searched for the best price before I purchased, even looked here, and I felt the price there was already pretty good, add the free shipping and the discount and my mine was made.Now as far as use goes, I thought the condom looked smaller than other condoms, but it slipped right on my sweetie with no problems. I used advice from one of the review's comments here on Amazon and put some lube in the condom beforehand. Now of course it depends on the size of your guy, but my guy is a decent size, and he said the fitting wasn't tight.  During love making, he kept praising the condom (and me of course, lol) and saying exactly what the reviews said, that it felt like he didn't have on anything. He was amazed! He lasted as long as he does using condoms but still felt all the sensations a guy would feel had we not used anything. I got these condoms for HIM, because I wanted us to be protected but I wanted him to be able to feel as much as possible. I also noticed that there was no latex and sex smell after we were done.Read more ›"
"228" "These are great condoms for the price. Between my wife and I, we go through a lot of them and I love being able to buy these in bulk. I have never had one burst on me. The lubrication is not that great so make sure you have some good lube on hand."
"229" "Amazon has the best cheapest price on these condoms. I love the feel of them. They fit well and they don't smell like some condoms do. I'm always buying this brand whenever I run out. This is the cheaper version to those condoms that are like .002 or .003 or .004 sizes."
"230" "If you have a lot of sex, condoms can get costly. These are only a fraction of the costs of the big name manufacturers and work just as well. I moved away from Trojans because they always felt too thick and gave off a bad smell. Durex was my preferred brand but they got more and more expensive. These feel thinner than both brands (which I worry about) but I have yet to have one fail on me."
"231" "They work during sex, I haven't gotten my wife pregnant while using them, and they smell like rubber....what more is there to say about condoms."
"232" "As a woman, these are my favorite condoms for a partner to wear. The design of them is best suited for someone with a bigger girth, otherwise they'll feel 'loose' as some reviewers mention. I never had a problem with breakage. The best of Trojan brand - I love them so much, I'm having a friend bring me more as they're not sold in London (where I currently reside). Durex has nothing comparable."
"233" "Most people will see the thickness and be turned off but there is a trick to getting the most out of this condom. Try unrolling it a bit before putting it on. Yes it will look funny in an extra baggy way but this is important. The looseness at the end will make it so you can move inside some before the condom moves with you. This will create friction inside and friction is feeling. With a normal condom you have to rely on stretching to create this friction. The tapered end should hold securely onto the base (if your sized right), but I would test things out solo to make sure there are no surprises."
"234" "I see these as the same with Ultra Ribbed Trojans. From what I'm told, however, these are a little more enjoyable for the women. (Although, most women I've been with have always complained about condoms.) So that helps me on getting these moreso for the ladies."
"235" "These are the best condoms I have ever used.Use can feel the sensation and heat of your woman all while feeling safe and secure. I have used almost the entire box without one breaking. They are comfortable and reliable everything I want in a condom. I used to love Lifestyles but now I am a Trojan man."
"236" "I like these because they form to you and of course they're lubed so the best of both worlds, I've been using these for 2 years now and I don't plan on switching anytime soon."
"237" "This type is our favorite to use. We have been married for almost 7 years and have tried just about everything out there. These are our favorites hands down. My husband is much larger than average size and these are comfortable for him. Others we have tried have been too tight, or didn't do anything for me. This is the best for us both. Never had a breakage or a problem with this brand."
"238" "I got these very fast and they were sealed in a clear plastic bag. However, I'm not sure, but perhaps there was some lube leakage in one of them or from wherever, but some of the condoms are somewhat slimy and feels like they're some lube on them. Not that big of a problem though. I still love these."
"239" "These by far are our favorite condoms we've found so far. All 50 condoms came fast, and discrete with expiration dates well into 2019. We must have gone through over 150 extra sensitives without a single one breaking, so for us at least they're extremely reliable. One of my favorite things about them is that they have almost no scent, which can be a huge turn off in the bedroom. Buying in bulk is well worth your money!"
"240" "Excellent product. We have been purchasing these for years and we have NEVER had one break on us. I can not use most products because I am allergic to almost all of them. These are the only ones that have not caused me any issues."
"241" "A bit difficult to review condoms as one is tempted to bring up the quality of the sex had with them. One wonders to what extent one can blame equipment failure for a bad experience...here goes. They're just what you'd expect from Durex. These have endured several intense stress test sessions and have not buckled under the immense pressure put upon them. Recommended! Curiously, these condoms are red in the U.K, not purple. Or at least I can. No difference between these and the \"Feathrelight\" Durex ccondoms available there."
"242" "just like the real, the packaging can be look strange but, but it is the real band"
"243" "Very good"
"244" "These condoms are great. They do exactly what they are supposed to do....and more!  The ribbed texture can be pretty intense or even maybe uncomfortable for some women. I would definitely say to buy these condoms if you loves textured condoms and if you find them uncomfortable, go with something else."
"245" "These condoms won't disappoint you! My boyfriend and I have to use condoms for the time being and these are our favorite! Just be careful not to get any of the lubricant in your mouth because it's disgusting!! The delivery was speedy as well."
"246" "I have been using those for a while now. No complaints so far- it does what it is supposed to do."
"247" "Cheaper than in the stores, but a little tight for my man"
"248" "It's a good product, comfortable for him and enjoyable for her. I always hated going to grocery store or pharmacy and checking out with condoms, especially if I knew the checkout person or the person standing behind me in line(small town)! Buying this product on Amazon has been a great experience... showed up at my door the next day with no issue. If I was 18 again I would order this product, have it shipped to my house, and never have to worry about my parents finding out."
"249" "Finally! They are perfect. Smooth, good size, comfortable. Good package. All perfect! Unlike durex variety pack that disappointing me. A definetely will advise it to my friends )"
"250" "Out of all the condoms we've tried, these are our favorite.Both my favorite and her favorite.  Happy, Happy Love."
"251" "After trying many others options I arrived at these many years ago and I haven't used anything else since. That said I feel very confident that these are genuine and of the same great quality I've come to expect from Lifestyles. I generally need a larger condom and the comfort tip on these accommodate that nicely. They're thin enough that they're not restrictive and though they fit me a little more on the snug side I've been loyal to this brand/style for over ten years and I've yet to break one which is more than I can say for many of the others I've tried. They're offered here at a great value and if you're an average or larger man I'd recommend these!If you're on the smaller side, I'd recommend you try something different as I imagine these might be a struggle to keep on for smaller guys because of the combination of them being on the thinner side and the comfort tip."
"252" "Never been satisfied with any condoms from companies other than Trojan. Since LifeStyles condoms were best sellers at Walmart with a great price. So, gave it a try, and loved them.As for this product, it's good and all but they do not come packaged in the proper box. 50 of these were packaged nicely in a plastic bag. I do not have any complaints but just an FYI."
"253" "Even though i hate  having to use them  these are the best i have used , forget the cheap imposters trust me  buy these condoms they feel great putting them on and when they are put in no great loss of sensation."
"254" "Good value but the damn things came with an invoice that says \"Chubby Dick Emporium.\" This was an embarrassing surprise, as they arrived in a padded envelope at work and the receptionist opened the envelope and pulled the invoice before realizing it was a \"personal\"."
"255" "I received a few of these during the LGBT Pride Parade of 2016 in New York City, and the Ultra Sensitive Condoms have proven to be durable and well-lubricated. While it almost feels like you are not wearing a condom, it is difficult to tear these. Highly recommended."
"256" "fast shipping ..everything was intact and the product itself works good and is comfortable.. the price was very good and definitely would buy again."
"257" "Absolutely the best delay condoms out there. Zero pregnancy so far too so that is a plus! I still prefer the trojan bareskin but these are a nice way to switch it up every once in a while. They have not broken for me once, but I have never had a single condom ever break. I think if they are used properly condoms will not generally break unless there is a manufacturing defect. The ribs were very intense but after a few minutes they became very arousing for the girl. They did seem to delay male climax but nothing that caused complete numbness like some people report. Other people also have said that the lube on the inside is clumpy. This is because it is clumpy! It is made to become liquid when heat is transferred. If the inside was liquid lubricant, it would run on the outside and the female would get numb too! Numbness on the female side has not been an issue with me at all, and unless these are stored at temperatures around body temperature, then that should never be a problem. I would not shy away from trying these at all!"
"258" "Wife enjoys the ribs and dots and I enjoy the rest!!!  We've used other durex products before and have not been disappointed with their quality.  The delay lotion will probably work differently for individuals.  Some other reviews have said that the lotion is too effective but I found it to work perfectly for my needs.  I guess the only way to know for each person is to try it out for yourself."
"259" "I was kinda nervous about putting that chemical on my penis but it wasn't that bad like other reviews say. Our sex went from 5-15 minutes to 30-45 minutes. Not to mention that the outside of condom provides more simulation. However, the benzi chemical will make sex less enjoyable for the guy but you get to last longer. I like it so far and I would buy it again. Make sure you give it few minutes after you putting it on. The chemical required small amount of time to kick in."
"260" "Good condom brand. I've always like the durex brand and the perfomax was no exception, It really does work as stated the inside tip of the condom has a desensitizing gel/cream that takes a few minutes to start working and in conjunction with the condom itself allows for a longer erection befrore you finish and my girlfriend loves it the ribbed outer texture and warming sensation makes her climax alot quicker!"
"261" "I picked these ones because of the amazon coupon you can clip but I'm glad I did.The dots and ribs ad lots of pleasure for her and honestly these are the best quality condoms I've ever used, these things stretch like crazy without breaking.Definitely recommend!"
"262" "This isn't about male posturing but fit and comfort.  As a woman writing this, you can be assured I am completely honest.  Hormonal birth control works in that it kills my normally healthy sex drive so we often use condoms.My husband can't use regular condoms.  Period.  They are too tight and end up effecting his ability to stay ... well ... effective.  Girth is the issue here rather than the length.  The length of extra large magnums is apparently long enough for 9\".  We have tried the Trojan Magnum and although usable, they are still very constrictive.  So tight in fact that they nearly flatten the ridge of the head which I thought was generally to be expected with condoms.  Not a very enjoyable thing.  My husband hated even the Magnum size so next we tried Trojan Magnum XL and although still tight, they don't seem to effect his overall shape as much.  And as they are the biggest size we can find to be affordable for regular use, we don't have much of a choice.  Apparently, you can order custom fit condoms if you're rolling in the dough.I never had problem like that with past partners and was barely aware of the size of XL.  I finally broke down and researched enough to see if my husband was extra sensitive or extra large as the size indicates.  I learned that the girth size suggested for condoms according to www.condom-sizes.org are as follows:  (measure the girth at the midpoint of the erection):Regular:  girth < 5.3\"Magnum:  5.3\" < girth < 5.5\"XL:  5.5\" < girth < 5.8\"out of luck: 5.8\" < girthMuch to my husband's annoyance, I forced a measurement and found him to have a 6.0\" circumference, average is somewhere around 4.8\".  That would be indicative of the measurement suggestions that XL is still to small.Read more ›"
"263" "I got these because other claimed XL condoms were too restricting and blocked blood flow.  Wasn't concerned with length, but need much more girth space.  Basically the same as wearing too small of a ring and seeing the color change.  These fit great and never looking back."
"264" "I have a 22' pet python that, despite being a tropicaly acclimated reptile, hates the wet weather we have down here in South Florida. So I was ecstatic when I ordered these and they came in the mail. My little legless friend now looks like a scaly Paddington Bear when I take him out for any rainy morning slither. The lubrication is also a blessing when you're wrestling a prophylactic down an apex predator that's essentially a gym rope made out of muscle and hatred.Be forewarned though it's still a little loose on him so I'd say order a size down."
"265" "Can't believe how long it took to try out these condoms. Sex using a condom never felt anywhere as good as it did without them. It turned out a large percent of my problem was the others were just way to small. Never thought I was that big, always thought my girlfriends were just trying to flatter me, lol...If you're on the bigger side of things give the magnum and magnum XL a try, you might find that they fit a lot better and improve the feel so much. Thrown out the 'regular' sized condoms I had. Still not as good as it is when going without but it's a lot more enjoyable now.I first tried out the variety large and extra large bag to see if there was a brand I liked better and ended up preferring the Trojan magnums. That came as a shock for me since I always hated the Trojans I tried years ago, guess it was the size of the fit."
"266" "These condoms are good, but the girth is pretty tight. If you have a girth of 6.3 inches or more then try to find something else."
"267" "Like myself these condoms came quickly and give a dull sensation."
"268" "In 1986,at the age of 20,being very hairy and well endowed,I had a hard time finding condoms that fit me,then in the 90's,Trojan came out with Magnum XXL and XL.The XXL fit me very well;yet it rode up in the middle.Then I tried the XL,finally a condom that fits me.It fits me lenght wide and girth wide,also since I have a large head it fits snuggly;yet leaves enough room for my heavy flow.I do not have to worry about leakage or brakeage.The condom also doesn't bother my thick pubic hair.It is easy to roll on and take off after use. The condoms are just right for the well endowed man.**Size Guide**XL 6-8/XXL 8-10/XXXL 10-12."
"269" "A word of advice to anybody who is interested in these condoms: these are the best condoms I have ever tried, and I've tried a lot.This is the only condom where I more than once thought it fell off to realize that it hadn't, it was just so thin that it felt like you had nothing on.  These are the only condoms that I don't mind putting on.  Let's just say that it can get very dangerous if you're coming up with excuses to not put on a jimmy hat because you don't like the feel.  Yeah, these condoms may be expensive, but consider the upside: you won't mind putting them on, and you could be saving yourself large bills from a disease/pregnancy.Now to the other people who have reviewed this product: are you all porn stars??!  I'll tell you my size to put it in perspective: I'm almost 7\" with above-average girth.  I'm kind of big.  The large condoms fit me fine.  Hell, I'm wearing the normal ones right now, and although the length is a little short, they're still wearable and fit comfortably.  I would take the other reviewers' opinions with a grain of salt as I have had zero issues wearing these."
"270" "Dude, you can barely feel them... Its like nothing is there... the only kind ill buy son... They are strong, and transfer heat so you feel the good stuff instead of a piece of latex... Buy them... they are a bit more expensive  but well worth the price..."
"271" "These are great, a little bit tighter than what I am used to (normally use skyn or supra). Had to check and make sure it was still there a few times, not a bad thing. Work very well and I will certainly be buying more. I really want to try the .01, but I have only seen them in the smaller size which I don't think will work out for me."
"272" "Compared to wearing condoms off the self, the Sagami 002 is far superior. While I have yet to try the applauded Sagami 001, this condom comes in a larger pack, which was a decided factor in my purchase."
"273" "Wondrous joy! Thinnest condom on the market (though I've heard of the elusive 0.01mm, but cannot find it)! Can't rave enough about this, as it is _really_ the closest you'll get to not using one. You can tell that its on, but the sensitivity is so ridiculously increased compared to thicker condoms, that you won't mind it :)Use lube if you start to feel friction, difficulty thrusting or the like. Seriously. You can literally burn through the condom via friction without it. That these condoms are so thin, it can be difficult to tell that you've done so...If you run on the thicker or longer side, this isn't going to fit you. Others have said this, but I'm going to clarify: if you're over 2\" in girth this will be an uncomfortable stretch in the sense that it will be difficult to even get the condom on, and displace the tip's reservoir. I've read that these condoms are ~1.4\" girth, but up to 2\", you'll fit without major issue. Try the larges if there don't work out for you."
"274" "The best condoms out there! I have tried A LOT of different brands over the years and I can say hands down, this gives the most natural feel. Really does seem like there's nothing there. This is a VERY close next best thing to nothing at all!"
"275" "my Husband loves these condoms. He says they're the thinnest condom he's tried. Quite tight, so they're sometimes tricky to get on. Definitey prefer it without, of course, but we don't want any more kids for a while, and I don't like birth control. Anyway, definitely our favorite condom!"
"276" "I really like these. I am a smaller girth so these work well. They are thin so there is more feel. They have never slipped of during intercourse however when you pull out after an unload make sure to hold it from the base to avoid if from slipping off."
"277" "These are absolutely fantastic condoms.  It isn't the size that matters, it's how you use it - but you can't use it if you don't get a good fit with protection!  That's where LifeStyles \"Snugger fit\" come in handy.  They have no smell, have just the right amount of lubricant and the actual density of the condom is pretty thick, IMHO... but I'm not a man, I'm not sure what is average or what isn't.  I love how they fit him like a glove and not a bag.  These are specifically designed for a modestly sized penis - not bringing up \"averages\" as I call it a load of pooh, because again, it's how you use it.  But if you are girthy, these are not for you.  They will be way too small.  These allow for peace of mind, comfort and who doesn't love purple?  It infuriates me that they don't carry these in stores.  Not everybody has a porn star penis.  Get real.CON:  I didn't like that they arrived in a Ziploc bag.  That was weird.  All I could think about was the fact that someone tore off a line of condoms, counted them ,and pit them in there... just kind of... ew.  Other than that, I am very happy and pleased wife!  Will definitely order again!"
"278" "This is my other 100, last 200 work great ...! Its little to small for me and its helped prolong too.  My wife's loving how thin is it make her feel like real! Will keep buying until my manhood is done services..."
"279" "Perfect for \"smaller members\". The length is not really that much shorter, but girth is definitely and noticeably smaller. It never broke and it does feel slightly thinner than normal trojan condoms as well."
"280" "Pre-lubed, great fit, and they keep my girlfriend super not-pregnant. A+, LifeStyles."
"281" "Not to bad. Fits pretty nice a little smaller than I expected"
"282" "Good product!--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ABOUT MY STAR RATINGS:  I received this item at a discount on the purchase price in exchange for an honest review; I was NOT compensated in any other way in exchange for this. I did NOT promise the seller/manufacturer a positive review; only an honest one. As you can see from my profile, I'm just a typical consumer.*5 stars*: This rating means the item matches the item description and is a good value for the price listed at the time I reviewed it. I recommend it feeling confident that most people who read the description and take price into consideration will be pleased with it. If it exceeds my expectations and is an exceptional value, I put that in the heading. (FYI: Some reviewing sites have told us not to take price into consideration because prices change constantly but to only consider the product as a good or bad product.)*4 stars*: This meets the item description but there is a slight problem. I would buy it again at the right price and would recommend it to others.*3 stars*: This item is off on the item description but is still a good product. I might purchase it again if I could not find a suitable alternative. I probably would not recommend it.*2 stars*: Buyer Beware! There are some major flaws here. Either it is not as advertised or failed to work. I would not buy it again or recommend it others.*1 star*: This item was falsely advertised and/or failed to perform to even the lowest of expectations. My experience with this item was unpleasant, and I recommend you avoid it at all costs. I recommend others avoid this item."
"283" "The only reason I ever ordered these condoms was because my girlfriend has a latex allergy. I figured they'd be lame because A) condoms are annoying to begin with, and B) if good condoms could be made from something other than latex, than why is latex the de facto standard for like every condom in the universe?Well, I still don't know the answer to B), but after going through a box of Skyn condoms, I can honestly say that I would use them even if my partner weren't allergic to latex. They feel significantly better than the condoms I've used in the past (Trojans), and they're reliable. As a bonus, buying them here is vastly cheaper, more convenient, and less embarrassing than buying them at Walgreen's. I'd recommend this product to anyone who relies on condoms for birth control with a significant other, latex allergy or not.When I ordered a second box, the seller accidentally put the wrong item in the package. The packing slip showed the correct order, but instead of 50 Skyn condoms there were 50 Snugger Fit condoms, which are made from latex. I contacted the seller through Amazon, explained that the latex condoms were useless to me because of my girlfriend's latex allergy, and requested that the correct item be sent to me as soon as possible.My complaint was filed on Monday night. On Tuesday morning I had a response from the seller, who apologized for the error and said that the correct item was on its way. On Wednesday morning the correct condoms were on my doorstep via Fed Ex. Although I was pretty annoyed when I got the wrong item in the package, the seller's blistering fast customer service and immediate correction have left me with an even higher esteem for the folks who make these condoms."
"284" "No babies yet."
"285" "-I read other reviews stating they had issues with the expiration dates, that was not the case for me. every condom expires 2020.-I read another reviewer stating that her husband is 6 1/2 long and these condoms were \"too short\" and she recommended those at 61/2 and above go with a larger size. Don't listen, Im 7 1/2 and close to two inches in diameter and these roll almost all the way down to the base and don't feel too tight. I don't get the \"plastic bag\" sensation with these.  Ive found normal trojans to be too tight and went with the larger size. These however fit wonderfully. very comfortable, no slippage, almost no odor and they transmit heat well. I really like that they are not slathered in lubricant as well. there is some but not too much."
"286" "I've used over 100 of these (years before their expiration dates) and have never had one break. They work very well for my latex allergy. The seller \"Chubby Dick Emporium\" also delivered in less than a week with free shipping, and provided 4+ years before expiration."
"287" "these are my favorite condoms just as polyisoprene medical procedure gloves are far superior to latex gloves. silky, buttery smooth. they trounce the \"über-thin\" latex ones I was using before bc they just feel so warm and smooth."
"288" "Really impressed with these condoms. Have not used them in nearly a decade so when it came time to pick them up again i was dreading a bit. This is a whole new generation of condom. Sensation is actually pretty good and they fit very well. Love the fact that they've got lube but they're not slathered. that's a huge plus"
"289" "First of all, do yourself a favor and stop using cheap latex condoms...... THESE ARE AMAZING. Everyone knows using condoms sucks, but they are necessary sometimes. These don't chafe, smell weird, or cause irritation and the price is unbelievable. I barely notice these when using and neither does my boyfriend. I will be purchasing again."
"290" "I don't typically review my items, but I can't not explain how great these are. Like others here, I bought these condoms because the girl I am seeing is very allergic to latex. Her \"area\" swells like a balloon if a latex condom is used. With that being said, I needed to find a condom that was 100% latex free.I am roughly 6-6.5 and these fit fine. It doesn't roll all the way,but I have never had an issue with them coming up or slipping off. The lack of lubricant is no worry for me, she does that for us ;) I can't believe that latex is the go to when condoms like this are way better. No odor, been through about 200 of then so far without a single hiccup, and no more balloons!!!!!!!I would recommend this condom to anyone who needs to stay away from latex. I also encourage people who don't need to stay away from latex to buy a pack of 3 to at least try them out. Terrific condoms, 5/5"
"291" "Sometimes you just need bulk and don't want to make a scene at Wal-Mart. No longer will I have to search deeply for latex free condoms. Never again will I be in line at Wal-Mart with nothing but a pregnancy test and 6 pack of beer; making deep eye contact with the cashier. Maybe next time I'll buy a hundred. Who knows, Amazon lets me let my freak flag fly in the name of safety and emotional well being of retail associates."
"292" "These are quite simply the best condoms I have ever used. I am allergic to latex, so often my choices are limited. The Lifestyles Skyn Intense Feel Condom is now my first choice every time. Thank you for creating a product so well designed that actually delivers. It is even better than using no condom at all. It really does heighten​ the experience for both partners."
"293" "all of a sudden, I became allergic to latex condoms, so I needed to find a non-latex condom that I liked.  These condoms are great.  I like the extra ribbing on these, it feels good to me, and my partner says the condoms feel good for him too."
"294" "Having a latex allergy would be immensely more disruptive to my life without these. The intense feel ones in particular feel much thinner and more pleasurable than the regular or large ones. I've also found them to be more stretchy or perhaps in between the regular and large size since larger partners who couldn't get the regular ones on could use these, and I've also never had an issue with them slipping off smaller partners."
"295" "They definitely have a texture to it. If you go long with one of these, be weary that the lube runs out fast and it leaves some kind of residue/particles after."
"296" "Using these are damn near being raw. It feels ALMOST exactly like raw. Literally. I used to get Magnums until I kept going soft in them. Now I understand why. they had no feeling. I read about these, bought them and never looked back since!"
"297" "Secure, thin, and non-latex!  These have been great for both me and my woman that gets irritated with latex.  I don't have any intentions of switching to any other brand or style."
"298" "If you like to make sweet love, but would rather not make babies, then this product is for you!  Somehow, they have created this amazing product and I have to say, it really works!  No matter how many times I have sex, these things keep the baby magic from happening!  Great product!Hopefully they'll make a product that will keep me from getting fat when I'm eating Ice Cream!  That would be awesome!"
"299" "I'm not a condom connoisseur or anything, but in my personal experiences these condoms are the best by a huge margin.Quite frankly, I hate condoms.  I think most guys do.  As it so happens, I hate babies, rashes, burning sensations, and incurable diseases even more than condoms.  So it's a necessary evil.  Nonetheless, I hate condoms to the extent where just opening the wrapper made Senor Johnson go back to sleep almost instantaneously.But Senor Johnson approves of these.  They're so thin that you'd think they'd tear easily, but I've never had one of these fail in my life.  They're well lubed without leaving you sliding all over the place, and they don't have that noxious smell that gets progressively worse as bodily fluids get involved.  These are as inoffensive as condoms get.The only problem with them is that they're a bit tight, even by average standards.  For average Joes, that might be a good thing since it's absolutely impossible to slip out of these unless Senor Johnson passes out.  But if your Senor Johnson is pornstar tier, these might feel more like a mechanical vice than a condom.  So if you have that problem, god bless you and look elsewhere.But for the rest of us mere mortals this is as good as it gets until you find yourself a woman you can trust with a beautiful prescription for birth control pills."
"300" "As for this brand of condoms:I have used Durex condoms for approximately 2 years, and this line of condoms work very well. They are comfortable, have a reasonable amount of lubrication and in using over 100 condoms, I have yet to have a single one break.As for a specific box of these condoms:The box I received was in pristine condition, however they can be damaged along the way. My experience tells me that if handled properly, these condoms are very reliable. As always, check the box and individual wrappers before using.Have fun."
"301" "I'm always looking for a better condom, but I haven't found one yet. I will continue to try new condoms but so far I always end up coming back to these. Great sensation, easy to put on and they don't dry up quickly. I can't give a condom 5 stars though because it's still a condom."
"302" "My Partner and I both agree that these condoms feel much better than Trojans, And Lifestyles. Mainly because of its extremely thin properties, and proper lubrication. We've used over 100 and have been quite satisfied with the results, we would recommend this product to anyone sexually active and want something better than trojans, and lifestyles."
"303" "So I ordered on 2 occasions. First time was sold by QUIVERR in January.  Package was immaculate.  3 Boxes 12 each shrink wrapped. Not expiring any time soon. Second time sold by RYMATT WELLNESS LLC package came in big zip lock bag with 3 individual smaller bags of 12.  So 50/50 on the wrapping issue that people talking about.  I opened right away and looked for any holes or any signs of tampering and expiration date of 2020.  I can't see any defects.  I'll let you know in a couple of months! {nervous laughter}"
"304" "This is a very good and reliable product. It is the closest thing to using nothing I've been able to find."
"305" "I love these condoms; no babies have resulted from their  use!  Also, they do not attenuate any sensations, enabling a very happy ending.  There's an option to add a photo, but why would I show a picture of my bathroom's garbage can?"
"306" "My girlfriend has a latex allergy, so regular latex condoms aren't an option.These are great condoms.  They're actually larger -- not just stamped larger on the box.  They fit.  I've never had one break yet.  They're also really good with heat transfer, which reduces the sensation of having sex through a raincoat.  I can't recommend these highly enough."
"307" "These are amazing. I have a reaction to almost every other kind of condom, esp Magnums. I dunno what it is about guys thinking that Magnums are the gold standard. Anywho, I've been using these since 2011, never using another brand. Shipping was fast and I love the little silver case included. Fits perfectly in even the smallest wristlet purse, and it's classy. Stay safe!"
"308" "These are great for partnerships in which one person has a girthy appendage, and somebody has a latex allergy. While I can't personally comment on how these feel compared to latex condoms, since I am the one with the allergy (so in my opinion they feel GREAT because no hives), my partner commented that they were *much* more comfortable than other latex-free options, including regular sized Skyns, since they don't choke his parts out."
"309" "Wife's latex allergy and nursing required a barrier method. The stuff from walgreen's was painfully tight. This size is just at uncomfortably too tight, but not painful. Still we had/are having fun with this product."
"310" "It fit my big dong. Used it on someone allergic to latex."
"311" "I ordered this so I do not have to go and buy smaller amounts at pharmacies or convenient stores. Condoms are condoms anyway so as long as they do the job, I am ok with any brand -- except small ones, of course. I was hoping to get regular sized condoms and I think that's what I got. I said \"I think\" because I am familiar with all the brands that arrived but not the specific model/variety. I'll be talking more about the brands, too.First off, the condoms came in an (see photo) envelope-sized packaging with bubble wraps inside. So you do not have to worry about receiving a damaged item that may happen during shipping. I like that the package is discreet.Inside, the condoms were packed in another plastic bag that said 'Sold as set, do not separate.' And when opened comes the revelation of which brands were in my package. It felt fun, too. I felt like a kid opening a gift, eager to find out what's inside. I actually just got four varieties of condoms, but just two brands. The condom brands/names were: CautionWear Black Ice, CautionWear PPE, Beyond Seven (orange), Beyond Seven (green). I got six of each, which makes 24. Photos attached (unopened, of course). All styles are lubricated. I was quite pleased to see brands that I recognize and honestly like using and frequently buy: Beyond Seven is a good condom brand in my opinion so I am happy that I got them. Cautionwear is good, too, but I only know of IronGrip variety. I know these brands are unfamiliar to some, but I know my condoms and these brands are good. LOL. Especially Beyond Seven, thin yet reliable.I never use the green one from Beyond Seven so that is something that I am excited about. I also know Cautionwear but I have never tried this BlackIce and PPE variety.Read more ›"
"312" "Ordered 60, received 60. As far as the quantity of different condoms, there were a lot of different ones to try and I'll be interested to try them all! Here's what I received:4 Lifestyle Colored6 Lifestyle Lubricated4 Fantasy Mint Flavored4 Fantasy Grape Flavored4 Fantasy Lubricated2 Fantasy Midnight Orchid2 Fantasy Bare Pleasure Studded2 Caution Wear Mission 7012 Caution Wear Wild Rose Ribbed2 Caution Wear Black Ice Thin2 Caution Wear Mission 7072 Caution Wear PPE2 Caution Wear Plain2 Atlas Ultra Thin2 Atlas Non-Lubricated2 Atlas Colors2 Atlas Studded2 Beyond Seven Studded2 Beyond Seven Lightly Lubricated2 Beyond Seven Crown2 Kimono thin2 Trojan ENZ2 Durex Extra Pleasure2 One Studded"
"313" "Very simply this is a random assortment of condoms at an attractive price.  In my envelope I got:4 Atlas Colors4 Atlas Ultra-thin2 Atlas Studded1 Impulse Bare Pleasure Ribbed & Studded2 Beyond Seven Sheerlon2 CautionWear Classic2 CautionWear Classic PPE2 CautionWear Black Ice ultra thin1 Durex2 Durex Natural Rubber8 Lifestyles (2 red, 2 yellow, 2 grey, 2 purple)1 Fantasy Vanilla flavored1 Trustex Vanilla flavored1 Midnight Orchid basic black1 One Pleasure Dome2 Trojan LubricatedPackage one day earlier than Amazon's projected delivery window.  Good deal."
"314" "Got all 100 that I ordered, none expired, none broken. Pretty wide variety which is a bonus. I saw some negative reviews so I was a little worried. Everything was just as expected and got here in 2 days when it said it would take a week!"
"315" "Not an overwhelming flavor and do their job. JUST SO EVERY FREAKING IDIOT KNOWS THESE ARE ORAL CONDOMS. NOT FOR VAGINAL OR ANAL USE. YOU WILL GET AN INFECTION IF YOU USE THEM DOWN THERE."
"316" "I bough this product mostly out of curiosity and they have serve its purpose. I choose this product because of the assorted variety of flavors. I would recommend this product."
"317" "wife loves the flavor, she says it tastes good which wasnt expected for what it is.  also its comfortable enough to still enjoy for me.  only docked one star because it did break during IC but it could have been due to earlier proximity to teeth.  i will update if any more break, if not then assume it was a fluke"
"318" "I was afraid these condoms were gonna be really cheap and not very lasting in their taste or smell, and though I will not go into details as to what I do with my wife!! I will tell you that the flavor, small, and durability is awesome and for 6 bucks for a 24 pack? Premium condoms, premium flavor, premium scent, great flavor assortment too!"
"319" "Shipped in a bag wrapped in bubble wrap and expiration date is 4.5 years from now. Got 6 flavors 4-5 of each and 2 island punch."
"320" "Reliable was able to stick it on foot and half way up leg and walk .30 of a mile befor it broke. Flavor could be improved alittle but was not bad from what I'm told. Love different colors felt like I was a Jedi. Do recomend."
"321" "My husband and I were really pleased by these. We have recently switched over to Durex rather than Trojan finding that it is a better product for us. We especially liked the variety to choose from. The silver box they come in is so discreet and also very useful because boxes always rip or the condoms are falling out everywhere. Not really helpful if you are trying to hide them from kids. haha!"
"322" "Needed a form of birth control after my son was born that wouldn't effect lactation with hormones...condoms are the simplest choice. My husband was buying these at the store in three packs for a huge markup. I told him I'm too cheap to pay $2 every time we want to use one when there are less expensive options...so I got on Amazon to see the price difference and buy in bulk...so glad I did. These work well, I honestly don't feel much difference between types, my husband says the thinner the better. He has always liked the durex brand best so we stick with it. None have broken and overall, these are more affordable. Here's hoping they do their job and we don't have any surprises too soonWill reorder when we need more.Update: we have been really disappointed with the orange condoms. They are weird and uncomfortable. They made up half our box too.After using these for a while, I have really come to dislike the smell and consider the various chemicals used on them as a problem for me. I mean, I try to be chemical free in everything else, so after a little thought, I decided to opt for a latex condom without chemical lubricants and dyes and fragrance. You can buy these on Amazon too, they are called sustain condoms. They are beautifully packaged, natural and vegan...I'm not vegan, but appreciate the qualifications a vegan product must have...if the chemical load of conventional condoms gets to you too, maybe durex isn't for you either."
"323" "Haven't been displeased so far.. and no kiddos either!  :)  My husband likes the spontaneous choosing of a condom, never a dull moment!"
"324" "Good quality and they are well withn the expiration date. It comes assorted iso some are stinky. Good for the money!"
"325" "Great assortment to figure out what type works best for you from Durex. The \"flavored\" condoms do have a taste! which surprised me because I've tried another flavored brand and it was nothing much but a scent and no taste. But these do and my girlfriend noticed and enjoyed it for a bit, the taste doesn't last but its better than it just being scented."
"326" "GREAT PRODUCT STILL NO BABIES :-) AND IM GOIN TO KEEP TYPING ONLY BECAUSE YOU HAVE TO KEEP TYPING !!!"
"327" "So far so good, what can I say they work like they should.  They are easy to put on and easy to take off.  Only wish I could get some that glow in the dark.  My girlfriend likes them and I will probably by some more, since she like to ..."
"328" "I have a latex allergy and extremely sensitive skin so this was a great option for my husband and I to try a couple different brands out. We personally prefered the SKYN brand ones, he said it almost felt like he was wearing nothing. The Durex brand had great lubrication and is our second choice although they're a bit tight. The Trojan ones were really too small and very tight and I don't think very well lubricated. I would absolutely recommend this product if you are trying out condoms, it's a lot cheaper than buying an entire box of something you may not like or doesn't fit well. It was extremely helpful for us to be able to compare the different brands and see what would work best for us. If you have a latex allergy I will say that all of these brands could be great for you and none caused a bad reaction for me."
"329" "Great if your girlfriend is allergic to latex. Either I'm sterile or these things work great."
"330" "Great product does what it says it will"
"331" "Men! your lady will thank you"
"332" "Wow, these are some of the first condoms I've ever enjoyed and I've tried nearly all the alternative styles.  Perhaps because I'm also a little larger, so the comment that said it's a \"trash bag\" is more about sizing than anything else.  Great for bigger guys, there's room and it is tapered at the bottom so it stayed on great."
"333" "My husband and I use condoms as our main form of Birth Control.  We have gone through many different brands, always searching for the kind we like the best.  What I can tell you from a female perspective is this... Almost every condom we have used has made my husbands... Mr. Happy (yeah, let's just call it that) feel like an adult toy.  Ladies, you know what I mean, that hard, foriegn feeling sex toy and not the velvet covered steel described in our romance novels.  My husband recently bought a multi pack of condoms that featured this specific brand and they happened to be the first one we tried.  I have to say... this one was a game changer for us!  It felt more... just MORE!  It felt like it was really my husband and not some fake substitute!  Every other one we've used has really constrained him and from what he says, they were all too tight.  After we had used this, we both went for a smoke and ended up talking about how much we liked this one.  We've never really done that before, so that should say a lot about the impression this made on us.  We have actually had several conversations since about how this is now our brand.  What he says to me is this:  The overall feel has been the closest to au natural that he's ever felt.  It has given the most freedom of sensation.  I very much agree.  I have seen a few people comment in their reviews about  the smell.  So, I feel I should address this.  I have never used a condom before without a smell, unless it was purposefully scented to mask it.  It is not any worse, nor better than any other we have tried.  I have also seen some people saying these were too large as well... All I can say to that is that you really need to know your size, as obviously to my husband and I we had been using ones that were to small.  Overall, We are very pleased with this and have settled on these as being our favorite.  They are pre-lubricated which are always a help, and though they are ribbed too, I can't really say I noticed a difference there."
"334" "I originally used a variety pack of Trojans and Skins to figure out which kind I liked. These were a pretty obvious winner for both me and my girlfriend.Size:I feel that they are a bit larger in circumference than several of the others I tried, so they are probably best if you are a bit above average in girth. I would think if you are about the girth of a toilet paper roll these will fit you fairly comfortably.Shape:They seem to be a bit mushroomy in shape; a bit larger at the top, while a bit tighter at the base to keep the condom in place more. I found this to be more comfortable than a standard cylinder condom, but I am sure this is a personal preference. I guess it is possible that the narrower base helps you keep a more firm erection, but I wouldn't count on that.Lube:The condom has lube both on the inside and the out. I have a hard time telling the exact effect of it. It did seem that my girlfriend and I both reliably orgasmed while using these condoms so I suspect it did its job fairly well. I did not notice a particularly strong smell and do not know about taste."
"335" "Purchased the ultrasmooth. Not sure what people think they're getting with this product, make sure you look at the diagram on the back of the box. I do not like using normal condoms that put you into a funnel shape and then potentially cause pain as space in the front has to forcibly be created. These cause no suffocation and provide plenty of room to release. However, the fit isn't going to be as tight so you do have to be more conscious of avoiding any spillage/slipping off. The smell and leftover feel is gross, but they're lubricated condoms. Also, it should be noted that it feels different for the woman, and she may not like the feel of the extra latex."
"336" "I really like these Crown condoms because of their thinness (.04mm) and how well they fit. I would put these slightly above the Durex Extra Sensitive ultra thin condoms 24 pack (Pack of 2). These two condoms are my favorite but these Crown condoms are my #1 choice. And there must be a reason these Crown condoms are the #1 choice of pornstars when they have to use condoms.As for these Crown condoms I was a little cautious about using them at first since they are pretty thin and was worried about them breaking but I've had some pretty intense and rough sex with different women and these have yet to break on me. Also I'm not sure how hung some of the reviewers are complaining about these condoms not fitting but I'm bigger than average with good girth and they fit me really well. So unless you're Lex Steele these condoms are gonna be just fine for 99.9% of users. And for the lucky .1%, there are Magnums and other condoms of that ilk.My only gripe with these condoms is the way they arrive. All 50 condoms are loose and not packaged in a nice little box.P.S. I was lucky enough to win a gag gift basket at a friends bachelor party which included OKAMOTO CONDOMS ZERO ONE 0.01mm 3pcs MADE IN JAPAN - 3Boxes and MY GOD those condoms were AWESOME. It totally feels like you got nothing on. But these .01mm condoms are expensive. I'm sure Amazon has better deals than what these cost."
"337" "Just to preface, I wasn't super thorough about all of this.I just so happen to have a batch of Crown condoms from years ago. I ordered them from Condom Depot on October 5, 2010. They expired June 2015, and are from batch number T170. December 14, 2015, I ordered the same condom from Amazon. They expire October 2019, and are from batch number T4Y4. I have no guarantee that the old batch was produced in Japan, but there is a slight chance. Condom Depot wrote an article (\"Crown Condoms Thailand & Japan What’s The Deal?\") regarding the differences between manufacturing locations, dated March 11, 2009. In that article, they claimed to have bought 400,000 condoms from Japan before the transition was made. Now I would think there is a chance that I received some from Japan, but do keep in mind that it has been their best selling condom for 15 years in a row. So do you think they sold 400,000 condoms in more than 19 months? The odds probably fall in that direction. Anyway, let's see if this unnecessarily thorough review helps anyone!Sensation: The older batch seems to have a slight better sensation to it, but they're both so similar that it is extremely difficult to tell.Thickness: Placing the two, still rolled, side by side, the older batch seems to be ever so slightly thinner. This goes against the article from Condom Depot, as they state those manufactured in Japan are 0.005mm thicker than those made in Thailand. Curious about this, I tried measuring two others that were still in their packaging. Keep in mind that I have a crappy $15 digital caliper, but the old batch came to 3.31mm, and the new batch 3.46mm. I tried not to squish them, so I based my measurements off of how much drag I felt when removing the caliper after measuring.Read more ›"
"338" "Arrival was timely and fit is snug but not painful. Not planning a bedroom marathon with these so they're fine for now. They do feel more like bare skin than anything else tried, but the light lubrication didn't seem like it was there at all. In fact, it seemed like there wasn't any and with BC pills natural lube isn't always there. So, without the help of a lube bottle these can actually end up hurting both of us because of the dry rub. Still, they're liked and not a bad purchase for a small tester pack."
"339" "From a female perspective these are by far the greatest condoms out there. It feels almost like there's nothing at all between us. These are way better than the ultra thins on the market. We will never buy another brand."
"340" "Well, in terms of protection, Crown skinless has always been my go-to brand and style. Next to that, Beyond Sevens, however most people vouch for Crown over Beyond Seven (both produced by the same company, however Crown is featured in many ahem, feature films...)The crown is comfortable, if a little snug for most men. It's also relatively thin, along the lines of .0042 thickness, if I recall correctly. You can get .002 and .002 thickness with other Japanese brands, however the price increases exponentially and the availability decreases as well. Crown is a wonderful go-between, but do be careful regarding the manufacturing locations.Many years ago I purchased them when they were the original silver and blue packaging. They were thin and barely felt like they were there. These new blue and white packets feel thicker to me for some reason, though it could be because I went for a period without the need for condoms, and now that things have changed, it's hard adapting back to the ole latex.I've used MANY of these condoms and have not had one failure. They are only lightly lubricated so make sure things are good to go before going at it or you'll create some heavy friction that's unpleasant for your partner (and bad for the latex). Very little smell on these, which is great, and the pink color almost makes it look invisible, which is another bonus.I am getting used to these, and have almost finished my current 50 pack. If you're a Durex or generic store-brand user, you owe it to yourself to give the Crowns a shot. They will literally blow your mind."
"341" "These are my favorite condoms. Excellent feel and they don't break. I could not be happier with these as they are the next best thing to just skin! Also check out Vialus –Male Enhancement to Improve Performance, Size, Energy, Stamina, & Libido which is a fantastic “male enhancement” prduct, a natural version Cialis. Great products."
"342" "Wife didn't get pregnant....thats good in my book. Feels like any condom, they all suck after you had sex without them. But safe sex and preventing pregnancies is important so buy these. I just had a baby and wife refuses birth control and the pull out method didn't work so, I gotta wear these or have 10 babies"
"343" "no babies yet."
"344" "Excellent product. After 3 weeks of using them my husband and I have never had one break, but like any condom sometimes a little extra lube is necessary. Overall when you have to use protection I'd never buy a different condom."
"345" "If you have to have them (and you know that you do, just do it!), go with the pros in the business. I haven't experimented with a lot of different brands or variations, but I'm as happy as I can be wearing these ultra thins. They are still the thinnest I've tried from Trojan and meet all expectations."
"346" "This sample pack does a decent job of accomplishing its goal.I was able to find exact measurements of some different sized condoms on a depot site.  Widths of some popular brands are listed below and will hopefully take some of the guess work out of the process for you.Iron Grip – 1.75”Lifestyles Snugger fit – 1.8”Kimono Micro thin – 1.87”Durex Extra sensitive – 1.94”Crown skinless – 1.94”Trojan Magnum XL – 2.0”Lifestyles XL King – 2.12”Durex XXL – 2.125”Trojan Magnum Thin – 2.25”Trojan Natural Lamb – 2.5”"
"347" "Bought this as a gift.  They'll fit as small as 3\" length by 1\" diameter, and probably even smaller. They fit better than anything else on the shelves, and it was helpful to have a range.  They're safer than the regular sizes (won't slip off) and super nice on the wearer's ego (\"snug fit\" sounds better than small).  It also makes a really thoughtful gift for the guy who has trouble finding his size or didn't even realize condoms came in a range of sizes - who doesn't appreciate a personalized gift?"
"348" "I had ahard time finding condoms that fit me, so i bought these and I am not disappointed at all.for the best hold the iron grip, but you might lose some sensation. Lifestyles feels better but might slip off if you are not careful."
"349" "My member is not quite so large and had other condoms seem \"baggy\". But these do indeed fit snug...and feel great. Just be careful to allow for space at head when put on or you might have an overflow \"spillage\" ooze out around the base. But these items fit as advertised and do add to my arousal."
"350" "i love these, especially the Iron Grip condoms because i think they are more narrow.  The only downside is that they are all way to long so there is a lot left rolled up at the base.  Something 40% shorter would be a better fit."
"351" "Perfect if looking to find a slightly thinner condom, this pack helps you find perfect size, beware the iron grip condoms there name does not lie, there so tight I think I lost circulation when it was on and there extremely hard getting on and off, but the rest of the condoms are all good!"
"352" "Great selection and most feel and hold very well if you are slightly under average size. My girlfriend loves them and they have made sex much more enjoyable since I don't have to worry about them coming off."
"353" "This is just gonna be a short review, with photos attached.These are hands down my favorite condom.They are great in size (if you are above average.) They don't have any bad latex condom smell,  because of the material. They sometimes make me forget I'm even wearing one, because of how the fit.So I just ordered these and got them the other day.At first I wasn't sure whether to get them or not, because people say that they arrived in a plastic bag, and that they were not in the original box.After asking some people, I came to the conclusion, that I was gonna get them.I ordered them the 14th, and the estimated delivery time was between the 20th-25th.They were already shipped the 15th, and delivered to my place the 19th!!!First picture is what the envelope looked like, all the blurred boxes are just my personal info. It didn't say anything about condoms or whatever, for the people who prefer the discrete way.Second one you see the condoms, between 2 pieces of cardboard with a pretty decent thickness. To prevent any damages on shipping. Which I thought was brilliant.And let me not forget to say, that the envelope of course had bubble wrap too.Last one you see all the condoms lined up, they all come in pairs of 2, like they do when you buy them in their original box in a store.And then there was 1 extra one, that was just on its own, which I thought was a little weird? Why not just 24? Why not just 26?. But maybe they had some sort of idea with that, or just adding a little bonus..Ordering condoms online, I was definitely a bit naive. So I went ahead and checked each and every condoms for holes. And of course I didn't find any holes lol.I will definitely reply to any questions you may have, just to be nice to people in doubt, or wondering if these condoms are for them. Because I, was one of those people."
"354" "This is my second purchase of the 25 pack and let me tell you, it's been a busy 11 days since I first tried them.  These Jimmy's are amazing.  If you are a guy who loves to raw dog but always feels bad or scared after you hit it with no jimmy, then these are for you.  Last night I had to check 3 times to make sure my condom hadn't slipped off, that's how good it felt.  And since these aren't latex, they don't smell like a cross between Chilean sea bass and a latex glove when you are done waxing.  I usually tie the open end in a knot and flush them down the toilet right before I hit the gas pedal and head home.  Trust me, these Jimmy's are a must if you like hitting skins and having the sensation you are raw dogging.  I hit the skins at least 4 times a week and I could practically be a spokesperson for these Jimmy's because I've used them so much."
"355" "Best condoms I have ever bought. They are easily the favorite for my boyfriend and me, They fit him super comfortably and we only ever had one incident of them breaking (we forgot to use lube first). Super comfortable for him and me."
"356" "I began researching non-latex condoms because I learned that my girlfriends don't have painful burning in the shower after sex like I do. I knew I was STD free, so I just thought that was a natural reaction to the friction of sex, broken skin and sensitivity that can be consistent and persistent if you have a libido like mine. Once I began to use these the pain was completely gone! I've been using these for years now, and so have used them with several partners at this point. One of my partners found it very difficult to orgasm with these \"plastic condoms\" as he used to call them. We had been together for years, and he is the one I transitioned to these condoms with, so I know that the condom change was the source of the problem for him. With my partners since him I never used anything but these, and they thought the sex was great and had no problems. We never discussed the condoms aside from, \"this is the kind you have to use,\" so I can't offer much more insight regarding the man' experience. Even if we did talk about it, I don't think they could really know if it was better or worse with these condoms, since it's the only kind they used with me and so they couldn't compare the experience with this condom with what it would be like with a latex one."
"357" "These condoms are great I just wish that they made a smaller size, embarrassing as it is, this condom is still a bit loose, not as bad as life styles snugger fit though! Over all I'd recommend to anyone with a smaller than average dick."
"358" "This is a condom made for those of us who are on the smaller end of the size spectrum.  They are a bit shorter in length than most condoms and a lot snugger. The condoms found in most stores are around 53mm wide, these are 49mm wide; the 4mm difference is very noticeable.  If you're one of us that has been frustrated with slippage, BUY THESE!!! you might even find them too tight so I'd recommend getting the 12 count to make sure these are for you.  A lot of folks consider these the snuggest condoms on the market.  I also find the excess length of these on me acts as c-ring, which adds to my pleasure by prolonging climax.  For those of us on the short end of things, these are an awesome choice; good tight fit, lower price and peace of mind when used.  It's been so awesome to not have to worry about these slipping off, allows for sex to be about pleasing my wife and me."
"359" "these are great, both my wife and i enjoyed these much better than regular condoms. She had more pleasure from them than me. She said it was almost like I was not wearing a condom and to her felt almost as natural as not wearing one. No slippage at all and it is really a snug fit. For me it did feel really nice and the snug fit felt good and helped stay erect for a little bit longer."
"360" "Bought these to keep in various places, they were extremely tight on me to the point that it felt like a cock ring. They did however stretch very well and was amazed. I am 50/50 because sometimes it does make he harder since it feels like a cockring and other times it feels weird and I have to switch back to normal sized condoms."
"361" "They arrived the earliest day as expected and the condoms were well within their experation date 2021-1-05. I wish they packaged them a bit more professionally but overall I am happy with the product. I like how secure this condom is, never slips or breaks and fits well for those with a smaller girth."
"362" "These condoms are perfect for those of us with smaller girth; it fits so snug that the base ring can act like an elastic ring which keeps things... solid!For the price these are a great deal and will be purchasing from thus seller regularly. Well, regularly depending on my luck!"
"363" "If you've ever been paranoid about slippage during your performance or especially on your your exit, have no fear, caution wear is here!Everyone's not built the same size and shape, but so far this is the most comfortable and worry free product I've used. It let's me enjoy getting back to my work than worrying about holding anything or re-adjusting.Still, hold upon exit. You never know how much vacuum you'll be working against. But it makes everything feel safer."
"364" "The smallest condom I've come across (no pun intended). Tight fit, perhaps too much so for me because I'm short in length but average in thickness. So it was a little too tight."
"365" "I received this product very quickly and I was anxious to see if it would have any effect on me. After taking the recommended dosage for the first 5 days I noticed that I not only had more energy, but I also noticed an increase of my sex drive. This has definitely shown me that it has the potential to change my life in a very positive way. I will continue to use it as long it gives me the results that it has so far. I would recommend this to anyone that has any issues with there sex drive or energy level.Update...It's been a few weeks now and I just purchased another bottle of this Tongkat Ali. I have found that shortly after running out of the first bottle I ordered, the extra energy and increased sex drive had began to wain. I don't know if my case is different then most people, but I dealt with a severe illness for the last 18 years of my life (Chronic Fatigue Syndrome). For anyone not familiar with that illness...you basically feel like you have a severe case of the flu every day, which includes full body muscle aches and pain along with brain fog, poor sleep, non existent sex drive, no energy...and just an overall feeling of frustration.When I had first heard on the internet about Tongkat Ali being a natural way to improve not only my energy level, but also my sex drive and I just had to give it a try. It was recommended that you should only get the Indonesian form...and you should get at least 1:100 strength. After looking at all of the choices that Amazon had available I made the decision on this item based on the value and the reviews from people that had tried it. I'm so glad that I made the choice that I did. I was so surprised by the results I just have to get another bottle to keep that feeling going. It made me feel like I did when I was young.Read more ›"
"366" "I've done many supplements.  I diet and exercise.  I've even done a cycle of synthetic testosterone many years ago and the pump, testosterone boost that I've gotten from this product of off the hook.  I only use half the recommended dosage now simply because the pump was intense.I am using pine pollen with this also so I really have to see what is it.  The tongkat ali or the pine pollen.  I dont want to confuse anybody. THIS STUFF WORKS. I've tried a longjack product before and it did not come close to this.I know there are a lot of products on the market that claim to have \"steroid-like\" effects.Let me tell you.  THIS DOES.Peace"
"367" "No point in saying everything that everyone else has said before. However some items of note to me personally are the fact that this product is gluten free per the ingredients list. One big upside is that this product is made in the USA not china, so you are less likely to receive pills filled with chalk or worse. I would recommended this product to a friend.I received this product at a discount or for free for my honest and unbiased review. The discount has not influenced or impacted my judgment of this product. I am not required by the seller to leave positive remarks about their product. This review is only my own thoughts and feelings on this item."
"368" "I feel I have more energy and endurance once I started this product. The benefits are very well documented by just doing your research.  I would recommend to a friend."
"369" "I give this product 5 stars because it has produced real results.I originally ordered it to support my energy and endurance.  I work ata job that keeps me on my feet 8 hours a day, five days a week. At age 71 I thoughtI could use some help keeping my stamina elevated.After taking the first bottle I could feel the difference.  Definitely good energy.The bonus...a nice one..is that my libido has improved.  At first it was just an increase in verypleasant erotic thoughts and dreams.  This was followed by positive physical changes.I'm now on my second bottle and plan to make it a daily thing.  The price is terrific compared to others, andit is eligible for Amazon PrimeOldGrowthTimber"
"370" "My husband loves this product a lot"
"371" "I like it cause doesn't have any horrible flavor, i just did my 5 day ON and im on the fist day OFF according to how to use it, i think its still early to decide if it really work or not. But i have to say that i feel this company cares for their customers, they have emailed me like 3 times already to find out how i feel about using this product. I haven't reply to any mail until now. I will definetely update any comment about this product in the future to let you know if it worked for me or not. I like to read reviews before buying any product."
"372" "I have been using for about a month.  I researched several key libido/ed herbs and supplements before purchasing.  I have taken normal and double dosages a week at a time - 5 days on 2 days offWhen I doubled up on this product, I noticed an aggressiveness from it.  So it does increase testosterone.  I went back to standard dosage and the aggressiveness went away.  Double dose too much for me.  I am 61, so a little help is good for the libido!Yes, after extensive reading and being a guinea pig, this product does work. I have ordered multiple times while the price is right!I am loving the fact that I am starting to wake up during the night with \"wood\" in my shorts!  Feels good, and it was missing. I am also noticing the women (in a sexual way) around me more in my daily activities. I am more alert and sleep better, so it has to have increased my testosterone levels.It may not work for everyone, but it works for me.  All I can say is try it for at least a month.  I noticed results in two weeks and a slow gradual increase in my feeling of well-being."
"373" "Very thin and barely there making it better for my man.  I am a 56 year old ovarian cancer survivor that can not use any form of estrogen, so vaginal tenderness has hurt our sex life terribly.  The lubricated condom has taken away ALL the pain and discomfort an allowed me to enjoy playing with my partner again."
"374" "The gf and I found these to be really enjoyable and best of all no babies. They were a bit snug but she liked the twists."
"375" "These are my very favorite condoms on the market. My boyfriend isn't too big, so I can feel him but nothing more. These have ribs that are just right and make it a million times more pleasurable. I don't like a smooth in and out, I like ribs that make it so there's just enough texture to make it more pleasurable but not painful. These are my favorite and I use them all the time except for when my boyfriend is close before we even start. When that happens the Trojan Extended work really, really well. If you want more pleasure and alittle more texture, these are definitely for you."
"376" "Im not a daddy yet.  Thanks to Trojan."
"377" "These condoms are exactly what they advertise. Twisted. They aren't ribbed per say, but they are ribbed in a twisted way. I love the sensations I feel. It really is something to try!"
"378" "For a condom this is the best I have worn as far as feeling! My girl was going wild too!Easy to put on and I can not stress how the feeling was like Tony the Tiger \"It's GREAT!\""
"379" "One of the best condoms on the market in my opinion - significantly better than Trojan. Feels very light, Extremely natural feeling. The good shape of condom lets it seat in just the right way - not too tight and not too lose."
"380" "Works as described and as intended.  What more does one need to say?  My wife enjoys the ribbed feature and I enjoy the thinness of the material.  We've used quite a few durex products and have not been disappointed.  The price is cheaper than most stores around our house, plus we can get it shipped to our house quickly (we have Prime membership)."
"381" "Fit is a little tight, but they feel great and they don't smell like that horrible horrible latex smell from trojans!"
"382" "I like the durex extra sensitive non-ribbed better."
"383" "No children, nor STI's.... they did the trick. Yay for a product doing what it should"
"384" "Works like they're supposed to, and came promptly and as expected."
"385" "Perfect stuff !!"
"386" "After years of not using condoms because my wife was on birth control. I thought that the thinner the condom was, the better it would make me feel. I'm a little above average in size. About 6.5-7in. So we tried a whole lot of them. And I found out that I needed ones like these, with lubricant on the inside and outside. And the extra space around the shaft creates the closest feeling to not using one at all. And my wife feels the same way about them. This became our favorite condom line from the very first use!"
"387" "I see some comments saying that the condom is too baggy but it fits me just fine. Just like shoes you have to find the ones that fit you best. The new style Trojan is doing does feel more comfortable than the traditional condom."
"388" "A somewhat larger condom that feels good (for a condom), and the lady finds it comfortable.The silicone (?) lubricant seems to work well.  There's a noticeable latex-y smell. It allows for some movement inside the latex (a feature, according to the product description), which might feel a little strange if you're coming from the more tightly fitted Trojan \"Ultra Thin\" series.  Both this \"Her Pleasure\" and the \"Ultra Thin\" are better quality and more comfortable for the lady than the cheaper Durex brand we've also tried.For when you need to cover up, these are a good choice."
"389" "I've tried multiple varieties and brands, but this one gets the stamp of approval from multiple partners and me! For me, it feels like nothing's there. For them, it feels a bit roomier and comfortable than the average condom. Only buying these from now on."
"390" "Fellas, if you have the right tool for the job, the extra bells and whistles that you put on only add to the pleasure that's going to be received."
"391" "These are one of the best condoms that I've used for both me and her. The larger diameter tip makes it feel like it's not there."
"392" "They feel comfortable. They don't break. The pleasure dots feel amazing. Highly recommend them. I also like the fact that Sir Richard's donates a condom to people in need with every purchase."
"393" "They have been great and the cause is a bonus. There are no size issue from what I see and no breaking either. I've had trojan brand break it's just crap luck."
"394" "We used condoms in our family planning and will use them once our baby is here as well. These are best-feel condoms we've ever tried, though we were not a fan of the ribbed version."
"395" "Yay for vegan condoms!  These work great.  I don't have any complaints."
"396" "The best"
"397" "My husband and I love using this. The product is amazing. I must say personally I couldn't have asked for better. I don't have any allergies and there is no junk stuffed in these condoms. I have tried so many and wasted so much money. The great thing is I bought from a seller on here and they were selling it less than the official website and shipping was more affordable too! It worked out quite nicely buying from Amazon! The pleasure dots are just for me and my man doesn't mind one bit. The dots are a nice extra special treat for me. I love them!"
"398" "This is an excellent product with an excellent commitment to giving back. Women love feeling high-class using an extravagant, yet elegant new condom. I absolutely love the feel of Sir Richards pleasure dots. Thin enough to maximize pleasure, while not being thin to the point of worrying about them breaking. 10/10 will buy again."
"399" "LOVE these. Normally we buy them in Durex's Pleasure Pack because we can't find them separately in stores. The flavored condoms in that pack particularly suck because they run extra small and tight. So it was a waste of money basically. But super glad that we found these on Amazon. The shipping was fast and the product is perfect quality. Box came a little dented but everything was fine. AND THAT PRICE. What a deal. We will definitely be buying these again. Thank you!"
"400" "I'm smashing a bunch of females and the 5 stars is on their behalf.."
"401" "Good value for what it is.. pre-lubricated is a plus."
"402" "Feels really nice not great for larger men. Perfect for your small to average guys. didn't really the dotted sensation thing other than that felt nice."
"403" "These condoms fit snugglly which is perfect. There was only one bad experience i had where one condom smelled bad but thats it."
"404" "It is the one that I could not find in my local stores. The price is right  and the quality is perfect. Thank you Amazon."
"405" "The wife says they taste pretty good but they are pretty tight for me so intercourse is kind of \"numb\".  But if it is the only way to get it in her mouth it is worth the tradeoff."
"406" "Love them. Makes going down on my husband flavorful lol."
"407" "When Durex first came out with these condoms they were manufactured under the name Colors & Scents. They first appeared in the Pleasure Pack and were such a hit, they were then manufactured by themselves as Durex Tropical. These condoms are great for their purpose. The smell and taste of latex is horrible,If you love oral and like to switch things up a lot or perhaps sometimes are not able to finish with intercourse and then like to follow up with oral...this is perfect for you. There is no lingering taste or smell of latex to turn you off. This goes for guys or gals. It will make your penis or vagina smell and taste like whichever flavor you used during intercourse.These condoms come in three different flavors and sometimes four if you can find the rare fourth flavor of mint. The most common are strawberry, orange, and banana. These are also colored accordingly as red, orange, and yellow. My favorite is the strawberry. I think this has the best taste and flavor. Orange is next and then banana. This is a personal preference though. The mint green ones are great also.In terms of fit, this is how Durex Tropical compared to other condoms: Average condoms have a thickness of 0.0027\". This condom has a thickness of 0.00247\" which makes it a little thinner than most condoms. This will enhance sensitivity a bit.The average condom is 7.5\" long. This condom is also 7.5\". Because of the reservoir tip being small, this is why I recommend not using it on a penis longer than 7\". There needs to be wiggle and ejaculation room.Average shaft width and base width for condoms is 2\". This condom is smaller at 1.75\". This doesn't accommodate the guys on the thicker side. Keep size in mind. It works better for those with less girth.Read more ›"
"408" "Snug fit and doesn't have that normal condom smell. Smells like th flavor it has printed on package. This is my second order of these."
"409" "she said \" I don't like the strawberry\""
"410" "I received this product for free from Durex, and it did not fail to live up to expectations! My gf and I enjoyed using these. The flavors and scents were definitely what we were looking for, and we didn't have to sacrifice performance either. I would recommend these to any and everyone. If you haven't tried them you don't know what you're missing. #durexsexplorers"
"411" "worth the money. funny flavors but not bad."
"412" "Yes I do have mixed pleasures about these.  Overall they do what they're supposed to.  Which is cover and catch.  Good job team.  They fit a little small which is both good and bad.  The sensitive ones suddenly become super sensitive.  My favorite actually turned out to be the glow in the dark one.  And yes it does work.  open it up first let it collect a little room light while you give your lady a little moonlight. wink wink.  Then strap on.  The small fit does some...lets say extending of time.  And the glow in the dark is actually a little thicker so not quite as sensitive.  All in you will get more bang for your buck...wink wink...nudge nudge...wink wink."
"413" "Unique selection. Fun so far. My wife loves the funny unique wrappers. The pocket tin is definitely nice and convenient. I will update to let you know our favorites and why.Also in regards to the size issues others have had the issue not the length but girth. Length goes to 8 inches but girth is average to small. Which I like it snug it seems to feel better for both of us. And most people don't know this but a lose condom creates friction which in turn will break. And in case you wonder the \"Legend\" one that comes in the pack is slightly bigger than durex or regular Trojan's."
"414" "I was so excited to find these condoms at such an affordable price. And a good variety too. There are 8 varieties in the tube, and unlike some of the other reviewers it looks like I got a pretty good mixture. I've been married for about a year and a half, so the only \"variety\" in my sex life is the type of condom I use. And 40 condoms?! I'll be stocked up for at least a year or two!"
"415" "I love the one condoms. For one they crack me up when I read the packages.  Another thing is they have a variety. One thing I don't like is that some of the condoms fit more comfortably and others are super tight. I am sure this is different for everyone just my experience. Either way they are a good buy. Better safe than sorry later haha!"
"416" "I love One condoms, between being made in America, the large variety they come in, amd the feel amd fit I have never used a better condom.  I have tried them all, sure, skyn, Trojan, LifeStyle, and many others, these are by far the best feeling, they are a great price, come with a travel tin, and are easy to put on, easier than many other brands in my opinion.  This sample is perfect for figuring out which \"One\" is the the \"One\" for you!"
"417" "Awesome assortment. Some are really good and comfortable, but there are a couple of styles that are really tight on me. So I might not get this bottle again. But I really like One's brand. Plus, this one comes with an awesome travel tin. Totally worth it."
"418" "This product is nice, I got all but the colored kind. The legends are a little thicker than the others. The travel tin is nice for travel, and my package came without any hint to what was in it."
"419" "The Mixed Pleasures variety pack provided 40 reasons for my girlfriend not to say no. All at a great price!"
"420" "These are SMALL!!! Don't want to show off that my equipment may be larger than normal, which I know is NOT!!! But these rubbers are really small, really uncomfy. I did not enjoy them. And I bought 2 boxes of this and I gave them away to my buds."
"421" "The best ones so far. Thank you"
"422" "Very good. Well lubricated."
"423" "I like it!"
"424" "A perfect collection of for sexy-time with the ladies!Seriously, always wear a condom; they are cheaper than children or treating STDs!"
"425" "What else can you expect? It allows you to sample the collection. Whichever one you like you go for it. The review for a sample/collection should not be down voted unless it did not fit you, otherwise 5/5."
"426" "Item description does not match item shipped, This item is for the assorted 30 pack that is in the picture, not the 27 piece assortment. Product comes factory wrapped."
"427" "This is a great starter pack to find out what you both like. We also did a durex starter pack. So far we agree that we hate trojans but like Lifestyles and Durex. I was glad to save money as we experiment. It's much cheaper than getting the same packs from a retail store."
"428" "You cant go wrong with some good rubbers but these where really tight uncomfortable tight I tried a few I believe they where irregular but shipped fast maybe I received a bad batch cant blame the seller it was a sealed box didnt see a label stating irregular..."
"429" "It's your standard condom that smells like rubber. Feels the same as other condoms. Great price! Definitely a plus. 18 years without a screaming kid in the house is an even a better plus! I recommend it."
"430" "There can be a trade-off in reliability and sensitivity in a condom.  To me, these seem to lean toward the reliability factor.  Peace of mind.  They stay on and catch the stuff...everytime."
"431" "Name brand item lives up to its reputation. They are tough and do reduce sensitivity, but for me thats a good thing. Long lasting and she likes the extended play time. The spermicide is just added insurance for us and has no side effects. Great product."
"432" "Bought as a gift, Little bro turned 18, so I got him what any responsible older brother would get, a big box of condoms. He seemed quite appreciative, these things are a lot more expensive at the drug store."
"433" "Soooo these kept us from having babies,. My husband and i trust these! The ones you should be careful are the ecstasy pack and the ultra ribbed.-those will get you. We now have three kids. And we've learned our lesson!  STICK to these -the spermicide really has your back!."
"434" "They fit my penis very well and my wife isn't pregnant so they performed their job perfectly!!!PS. Don't take the condom off right before you Finnish.  Then they won't work as good!!!"
"435" "No issues with shipping and product was brand new, no breakage or miss fortunes. To be expected from such a great brand."
"436" "Wow, these are some of the first condoms I've ever enjoyed and I've tried nearly all the alternative styles.  Perhaps because I'm also a little larger, so the comment that said it's a \"trash bag\" is more about sizing than anything else.  Great for bigger guys, there's room and it is tapered at the bottom so it stayed on great."
"437" "My husband and I use condoms as our main form of Birth Control.  We have gone through many different brands, always searching for the kind we like the best.  What I can tell you from a female perspective is this... Almost every condom we have used has made my husbands... Mr. Happy (yeah, let's just call it that) feel like an adult toy.  Ladies, you know what I mean, that hard, foriegn feeling sex toy and not the velvet covered steel described in our romance novels.  My husband recently bought a multi pack of condoms that featured this specific brand and they happened to be the first one we tried.  I have to say... this one was a game changer for us!  It felt more... just MORE!  It felt like it was really my husband and not some fake substitute!  Every other one we've used has really constrained him and from what he says, they were all too tight.  After we had used this, we both went for a smoke and ended up talking about how much we liked this one.  We've never really done that before, so that should say a lot about the impression this made on us.  We have actually had several conversations since about how this is now our brand.  What he says to me is this:  The overall feel has been the closest to au natural that he's ever felt.  It has given the most freedom of sensation.  I very much agree.  I have seen a few people comment in their reviews about  the smell.  So, I feel I should address this.  I have never used a condom before without a smell, unless it was purposefully scented to mask it.  It is not any worse, nor better than any other we have tried.  I have also seen some people saying these were too large as well... All I can say to that is that you really need to know your size, as obviously to my husband and I we had been using ones that were to small.  Overall, We are very pleased with this and have settled on these as being our favorite.  They are pre-lubricated which are always a help, and though they are ribbed too, I can't really say I noticed a difference there."
"438" "I originally used a variety pack of Trojans and Skins to figure out which kind I liked. These were a pretty obvious winner for both me and my girlfriend.Size:I feel that they are a bit larger in circumference than several of the others I tried, so they are probably best if you are a bit above average in girth. I would think if you are about the girth of a toilet paper roll these will fit you fairly comfortably.Shape:They seem to be a bit mushroomy in shape; a bit larger at the top, while a bit tighter at the base to keep the condom in place more. I found this to be more comfortable than a standard cylinder condom, but I am sure this is a personal preference. I guess it is possible that the narrower base helps you keep a more firm erection, but I wouldn't count on that.Lube:The condom has lube both on the inside and the out. I have a hard time telling the exact effect of it. It did seem that my girlfriend and I both reliably orgasmed while using these condoms so I suspect it did its job fairly well. I did not notice a particularly strong smell and do not know about taste."
"439" "Purchased the ultrasmooth. Not sure what people think they're getting with this product, make sure you look at the diagram on the back of the box. I do not like using normal condoms that put you into a funnel shape and then potentially cause pain as space in the front has to forcibly be created. These cause no suffocation and provide plenty of room to release. However, the fit isn't going to be as tight so you do have to be more conscious of avoiding any spillage/slipping off. The smell and leftover feel is gross, but they're lubricated condoms. Also, it should be noted that it feels different for the woman, and she may not like the feel of the extra latex."
"440" "My wife and I both really enjoyed this condom -- it is SO impossibly thin! And it's magical how little it smells of latex. My wife and I tried this condom while we went on vacation, and we were very pleasantly surprised -- it's very comfortable for me, and when she goes down on me after sex, she likes it because I don't smell like latex. We didn't have a single breakage with over 20 used, and our longest use was about an hour and a half or so.I was seriously doubtful of this brand before (hadn't heard of it, was 'natural'), but I can't sing its praises enough. It does run a little bit smaller than other brands, but just enough that I noticed it and not so much felt uncomfortable. If you go on their website, they also have trial sizes for sale so you can find your size before you buy."
"441" "These condoms are great. I purchased them because of the comments about there being no latex smell and the reviews were spot on. My girlfriend and I exclusively use these now because they don't have that awkward and gross latex smell.I knew what the package was and lucky for me my parents know too, since the package was shipped from \"NaturallyfprHer Organic Intimacy\". Would love if you could ship it discretely next time."
"442" "My husband and I both hate using condoms so we aren't the best folks to ask but these are much preferable to the standard options. No nasty latex smell is a big plus. Be prepared to use additional lubricant, though."
"443" "These condoms are great.  They have just the right amount of lubricant and the best part is, they don't have that nasty latex smell that most condoms have.  My husband and I purchased these not expecting them to be this good, now I don't think we will buy any other brand."
"444" "Love this product, I love that is vegan and doesn't have all the chemicals like the standard one.the dimension are fine."
"445" "These are great! I've been trying to buy all cruelty-free products, but wasn't sure if these would be any good. I love them and so does my boyfriend!"
"446" "I couldn't tell he was wearing a condom at all. It felt so real! Definetly worth the price."
"447" "No more burningLove theseFeel like nothing"
"448" "I have tried an enormous variety of condoms in my life. Off the top of my head I can name Durex, Trojan, One, Skyn, Kimono, and Lifestyles. I decided to try out these Crowns after reading a few reviews. At first, I was hesitant to buy them since it costs so little for so many(for some reason I felt like a higher price point meant higher protection, feel, etc.)I just gave them a go and was very impressed. Very comfortable, snug fit. Incredibly thin yet very strong and elastic. When paired with a nice lube like Sylk, it's perfect.My girlfriend says they did not hurt like other brands.Thanks Chubby Dick Emporium!(Seriously, try them out. It costs like 5 bucks, which is stupid cheap. Best $5 you will ever spend)P.S. Like, for real"
"449" "Work good, and feel great. Only one problem, which is scary though. Twice, I was using the product and I looked down and the condom was nowhere to be seen where it should have been. Put another one on and it didn't happen again but could be a problem."
"450" "These are the best condoms I've tried.  Their only drawback is that added lubrication is required - which can easily be remedied.  Once that's accomplished, you'll constantly be looking down to make sure it's still on.  Worth every penny.  I'll never go with another brand or type."
"451" "Very thin Latex. I don't like to use condoms but these I can deal with. Me and my husband use to use the Durex brand, which isn't too bad either, but decided to see what else is out there. We are satisfied with this purchase ;)"
"452" "This is by far the best condom in the market. It is very thin, it doesn't break, and the size is not large, but also not impossibly tight.I was never a huge fan of condoms, but this one, is the first one, that I don't mind using it.I would say the sensation is like 85% similar to not using a condom, this is very good compared to the other \"thin\" condoms that I've tried, which gave me like 50-60% of the sensation. Although is not like not using nothing at all, it's very very close to it."
"453" "This is the best feeling condom compared to any Trojan ones I've previously used. It doesn't have the annoying latex smell. My main critique is  that the lube does not work well. We actually had a condom break because of dryness, but luckily I'm on the pill too! Also, these condoms run small so I would not recommend them for bigger men."
"454" "With a little google search, I came upon these. Hate using condoms, but I can say that these are the best condoms I have used so far. Used trojan/durex in the past and prefer these. My wife says that she hardly feels them (which is great). I on the other hand, can feel the difference between having it on and not having it on for sure, but that comes with the use of any condom. I love that they feel great for a condom, fit well, and very affordable (36 ct for $7.99?!... insanely cheap). Only complaint... should be more lubricated, but that can be fixed easily. Thanks Crown."
"455" "These are so much better than latex condoms. No allergy worries with your partner, excellent sensation, and they don't stink like latex condoms do.All the three types are great, but I can't say I've noticed any difference with the \"intense feel\" ones."
"456" "Love the regular it really feels as though nothing is their greatful being that am allergic to latex... spouse loves it... the intense not so much it gets the job done but definately not my favorite. next up is extra lube will see how that one feels dont think it will be much different but hopefully it feels as good as the regular."
"457" "I hate condoms but these actually were as close as skin to skin as you can get"
"458" "OVERALL:  Provides the protection you need without that awful latex smell.  It's thin and is 'out of the way' to allow you to feel your loved one more."
"459" "Better fit than most, and durable. No poppers. Lots of pluses in these!"
"460" "Nice to not have the latex smell..."
"461" "I use these with my silicone toys, most lubricated condoms have silicone based lubes that can damage silicone toys so I was looking for non-lubricated condoms to keep my expensive play things in quality condition. They're great. I like that I have them in excess, I haven't worried about running out yet which is always troubling, I have a fairly active life and safety is my priority.I use them with a water based lubricant.Really recommend themI dont know if they work okay with penises though, I haven't tried the condoms on anything but silicone strap ons and the like."
"462" "Atlas Non-lubricated Condoms 100 PackActually, i use these as I used them in the army 50 years ago.Cut off the end and use them as garters to keep my pants legs from riding up over my boots.They are VERY strong.I'm sure they work very well for other purposes...."
"463" "I have no idea if these work well as condoms. If you are getting the \"frequently bought with AA Batteries and First Aid Tape\" suggestion from Amazon, that would be my fault -- the theatre I work for uses these babies to protect our wireless mic packs from actors' sweat while they're running around, singing and dancing in our musicals. Keeps our equipment sanitary and in good working order while it's being bathed in the back sweat of a big, burly baritone. Highly recommended."
"464" "These are quality, thin and best they don't have that soapy gross \"lube\" that 99% of condoms have. For me and others with sensitive skin, it is not so nice. No problem with these.I thought I had a latex allergy but through experimentation I found out it's actually the lubricant used on most condoms. Give these affordable condoms a try and maybe you'll be impressed."
"465" "I never thought I'd say it, but unlubricated is truly the best.They stay put, don't ride up or down and just need a touch of lube on the outside, and the end result is almost a second skin.They're not super thin, but you don't notice that at all because they really conform.I'm pretty sold on non-lubed now and in the future."
"466" "exactly what we needed. no breakage and no sloppy messy lube on them would recommend for sure for anyone that hates the messy lubed condoms."
"467" "They're great if you or your partner has a very specific allergy to condom lube. Always be sure to leave a little room at the tip or be ready for a really awkward trip to CVS for some Plan B.It's a little thicker than other condoms, so it prevents premature ejaculation."
"468" "While the picture shows a blue cover, the ones that arrived had the more standard silver cover.  Amazon seems to sell them for slightly more than the other vendor, but on something like this I don't mind spending a few bucks extra for the peace of mind that comes from knowing the retailer.These are outstanding condoms.  Thin but strong.  Easy to use.  Fit comfortably.  A lot of people think they provide the best sensation on the market.  In that context, I would rate them way higher than anything made by Trojan, Lifestyles and other better-known manufacturers.  Frankly, I think marketing and distribution are probably the only reason these aren't as well known as Trojans.  I would never use a different type/brand."
"469" "These just arrived and I haven't used them yet so this review is more to inform people about something that surprised me. Never having ordered this kind of thing in bulk, I assumed they'd come in a large Costco-style Okamoto/Crown box, or retail packaging of some kind. Instead they came in a plastic bag. It definitely weirded me out at first. When I thought about it I realized of course if you're buying them in bulk they'll arrive that way, it just startled me when I first saw it. All of these condoms appear to expire in 2017 so I have plenty of time to go through them. I will update once I've had the chance to use them (though god only knows when that will be *sigh*)."
"470" "Made in Japan! What I thought these didn't exist anymore. The word on the street is that the ones made in Thailand aren't as good. Although I can't verify that because this is my first purchase. These condoms are awesome! Unfortunately though, I've only been able to use one in two weeks. 😭 What the H!  At this rate they'll last forever. Maybe I'll just try them on for fun. Oh - I could learn how to tie balloon animals."
"471" "The condom is true to its name. Really feels like nothing is there. Also they are very inexpensive (100pk for 15 dollars) one thing to remember is that as stated on the label it is lightly lubricated. So it's best to apply some extra especially if you plan on going for more then 10 mins. Another thing if you have more girth or length then average you will realize that it can be a snug condom. I personally felt like it didn't roll down close enough to my base a problem I haven't had with any other condom"
"472" "...nothing at all...nothing at all! Pretty solid condom except for the fact that unless you get the girl wet enough, there will be some friction due to a lack of lubrication on these condoms. Other than that, they're pretty good."
"473" "They are not kidding about these being thin; they are as \"barely there\" as any condom I've used (not that many now that I think about it).  Purchased in bulk for use with toys I share with my partner; if you do the same, just treat them with care when applying and they hold up pretty well.  Non-distinct taste for me."
"474" "perfect fit for me!  I've been having a problem with condoms slipping off especially with my girlfriend now that gets extremely wet.  I knew it was because of my under average size but she loves it anyways :)  These condoms are amazing though.  Snug fit and won't fall off.  She loves them to because its tighter around my penis which makes it feel better for her apparently."
"475" "These condoms work nicely. What to say? They do their job! They're nice and snug. We're still not pregnant, so that's good!"
"476" "If you do not have a large girth, these condoms are for you.  They are a little tight around the base, but I find that gives me better and longer orgasms. However, if you are one with a large penis, this is not for you."
"477" "They actually fit very well... Every other kind of condom comes off of my penis but these stay on and don't slip down or off. I'm about 3 inches and 2 inches thick and these fit amazingly. So glad I found these."
"478" "Ordered these and they came in 2 days.... really comfortable fit.... just enough lubricant. .... I'm 5 inches and have s small girth. ..... like how it hugs all around... only negative comment was I still had a Lil extra condom that was hanging off the tip... extra large resovior tip.... cortezf00@gmail.com"
"479" "Nice fit without slipping off.  This is the first condom that didn't slip off.  Would like to see more in this catagory being offered."
"480" "My boyfriend and I had to go back to using condoms because the pill wasn't working out for me. We were hesitant about this brand at first because before I went on the pill we tried so many different brands and there was such a loss of feeling to them, a lot of times he couldn't keep an erection while wearing one. But with this brand, it truly is the closest thing to wearing nothing! It's amazing how much better it feels than a regular condom. We only buy these and Lifestyle Skyn condoms now. They are the two best brands on the market if your partner has trouble keeping an erection with a normal condom. Also, we have never had one break so they seem to work just as well. Very happy with them. Give them a try!"
"481" "Really boned down with these. And not a baby to my name! Thanks again Trojan."
"482" "Porn Star tested a approved by yours truly"
"483" "Great product that works as advertised."
"484" "can't beat this price- awesome deal!"
"485" "Great condom. Feels like nothing"
"486" "Great value. Best Trojans ever"
"487" "Great for those of us who rather have this over our member then a baby."
"488" "I'm not picky about condoms. I've used them all: Regulars, larges, smalls, whatever. They all fit and most do the trick. These Iron Grips are the best condoms I've ever used. They go on tight, stay on tight, don't slip, and aren't over-lubed. If you like a snug fit, you'll love these."
"489" "Im above average about 6in but im average almost below average in girth. These fit nice and tight and My member can really \"feel\" it all. ;)"
"490" "Fit's nice and tight and I haven't had one break on me yet. One of my favorite condoms and I've tried ton's!Will definitely order again!"
"491" "Works well.  I'm average length, but slim and this stays on even when rough."
"492" "This is my favorite condom on the market.  It is very sensational and has a comfortable feel.  My old favorite was Trojan Magnum, but I found it to lessen the sensation.  Ever since I tried the Durex extra-sensitive I will never go back because of how soft and silky they are.  Durex extra sensitive gives you the ability to feel and protect your partner and you.  I trust Durex for pleasure and protection."
"493" "If I have to wear something it might as well be thin. Now i can practice more with my girlfriend and not worry about kids. If we go without a jimmy hat I'll just shoot those little soilders into the sheets.  Crisis  diverted."
"494" "I have used hundreds of these, and never once have they produced a pregnancy. If the love well dries up, they can always be used as balloons at birthday parties.One size fits all, so long as you are not too big and not too small."
"495" "Durex extra sensitive condoms are undoubtedly one of the most popular condoms in the World. There is no way one can go wrong with these condoms. They have been credited as being super thin which enhances balminess while at the same time performing their duty of protection.  Users of these condoms have reported that the condoms feel so natural they forget that they are wearing them. Regular condoms on the other hand have been discredited as being too thick which decreases the sensation because of the friction that results from thickness and the risk of bursting is high with the regular condoms.Sex is a pleasurable moment and when a condom insinuates otherwise then there is a problem. Foregoing the use of a condom (when it is required) because it fails to serve its purpose is a risky affair. One cannot be fully assured of being protected from STDs and unwanted pregnancies. And since there are no spare bodies that act as replacement and with stakes so high, health and wellness comes first. The guys at Durex have invested heavily on Research and Development to ensure that their products are top notch in the pleasure and protection category. The soft and silky materials that makes these condoms are fine tuned to ensure that they replicate the human skin which is why users wearing it forget they are wearing it. The silk is also responsible for that sexual sensation.With such an impressive track record and good reputation, Durex extra sensitive condoms are one of the safest condoms out there. Any company that takes Research and Development into account is not only in the business for money. It actually means that they strive for excellence and distinction in providing its customers with the best of the best.Read more ›"
"496" "The condoms never arrived, whether the fault of the post or the seller I am not sure--but you can get these at any drugstore for the same price, and they are definitely a better feel than latex, if your only concern is preventing pregnancy this is the best! It's just as slippery as you would expect a lamb's membrane to be, and in my opinion smell WAY better than latex too."
"497" "These are really the only condoms my boyfriend and I like to use.  We've tried several others (including other brands that claim to feel like skin-tos-skin contact) but truly nothing else measures up.  All the others reduce the feeling so much for both of us that neither of us can really get into it in a meaningful way."
"498" "Hey girlfriends no more irritations or infections with these bad boys...and it feels like he has nothing on to either of us...purchased some liquid silk personal lubricant to go with it...sex just got real again...and by that I mean REEAAAAL GOOD :)"
"499" "I'm allergic to latex condoms, it burns and makes me raw.Naturalamb is amazing, I'm able to go longer with out telling my man im in pain from being rubbed raw.Worth the expense. Great feeling,lubrication, everything."
"500" "My husband and I are not usually fans of condoms but when we do use them this is the only kind we like.  They do not cause irritation like latex ones do.  They are more pricey but worth it in my opinion."
"501" "If youre into sex, there isnt a better condom out there."
"502" "These are super thin, and seemingly strong, both of which are positives.  But it's difficult to tell which way to unroll them, and sometimes difficult  (because of how thin they are) to put them on.  I end up tossing about 1 in 4, which is frustrating."
"503" "No local retailers stock unlubricated condoms, so I'm forced to order them online. These are good basic condoms, been using them for years and have never run across a defect. Plus they are not soaked in poisons or whatever else they put on lubed condoms."
"504" "I love these condoms. Without lubrication on the inside nothing stays on better. I hope that they do not stop manufacturing these as there is not one condom on the market that works better for safety reasons. This is an absolutely incredible cheap buy. Faster fine."
"505" "So, TMI, but this is a condom review, so.... we can't use anything with lube or spermicide b/c it makes my lady areas angry. These are by far the best option for us. We've been using these condoms for years and never had a problem. Very dependable, and the price is good on the large pack!"
"506" "You know what's funny? When your husband buys these to go over mics used in the theatre but doesn't tell you and then you get an email asking how you liked your condoms and you're like, \"Um, honey???\" Lol. Apparently they worked well for this alternative purpose. Luckily they weren't used for the other purpose."
"507" "Great, Simply Great. I haven't been able to find these locally in years, and was please with the shipping time and price. I like some of the other Trojan products, but there are times when a plain one fits the bill. Great for covering toys and keeping them clean when a pre-applied spermicidal lubricant is not desired or necessary. Very pleased with the discreet shipping as well."
"508" "saved tons of money this way!  They sell for sooooo much in the store if you can even find them at the store.  Im allergic to lubricant so I have to have a condom that doesn't have it.  These are the only ones i use."
"509" "I actually ordered these for non-sexual use, but I imagine they're equally useful for that purpose as well. Aside from that, non-lubricated condoms are excellent for quick, water-proof protection of small items. I place them over the barrels of rifles prior to storage to help keep dust and moisture out of them."
"510" "This is the preference of my husband and I. We usually don't need lube so these work well for us. We do keep some in the bathroom though, just in case."
"511" "GREAT condoms!Perfect for their use! the variety pack allows you to try a few of them and find your favs.The Thin are amazingly comfy, and although they appear very thin, there's never been a problem, they are surprisingly durable. I can see why Trojan has such a big name!Comes with two of the variety ones and 4 of the original.The fire and Ice were nothing special as far as I could tell, but the ecstasy really felt good for my girl!and the little bit of lubrication is perfect for use without requiring extra lube."
"512" "So comfortable for both my girlfriend and I, this is all we can use now, so glad I finally sprung for something way less tight and constricting. Quality lubricant and latex are worth it, Magnum is a perfect fit for us!"
"513" "This condom is comfortable; it stays on long; it is durable and soft. It also works with the lube that is applied."
"514" "I bought these because I wanted to try the FIRE & ICE for the first time. I tried it & didn't like it at all. (Felt like my vag was on fire lol)Love all the other ones except the fire & ice ones."
"515" "Nice variety kit, but if you don't like one, you've sort of wasted your money. We just buy the regulars now.I think it's silly we have to have a minimum amount of words to write a review."
"516" "Being 31 and a male, I've used a lot of different types of condoms in my life. These are hands down without hesitation the second best there is. The 001 sagami are the best, but they cost (at the time of writing) literally like, $3-6 each. And I'm not that rich.And for those wondering, Japanese \"large\" is pretty much American regular. I made the mistake of ordering the Japanese regular and they didn't work very well.As they say, you pick two out of three. With condoms it's \"cheap, feels good , durability.\"C + F = Typical thin cheap comdoms. These usually are just the same material as regular condoms and will break easier.C + D = Typical condoms. Wont break easily, but also wont feel very good because of how thick they are.F + D = Sagami 001 or 002. They use special processes and materials that raise the price, but what you get is better feel and durability.Cheap + Feel = Thin and will break easily.Quality + Cheap = Thick and feel terrible.FYI If you live near a Japanese supermarket they usually have these on sale. But the one near me only had the 004. So I'm still ordering from Amazon."
"517" "These are our favorite condoms we have ever used. They are uber thin, I mean really thin, like me and my wife can’t tell it’s on thin. While we would love to try Sagami’s 0.01 mm they do not make them in large.While I typically do not wear large condoms I do have to wear large when it comes to these condoms. In fact if these “ large ” condoms were any smaller they would not fit. So if you normally wear large in regular condoms these will not fit you. While these condoms are not the cheapest they are the best we have ever used.One thing you do have to keep in mind is that these are not latex so they do not stretch a lot. Don’t worry I have been using these for years and they have never ripped. On the plus side if you are allergic to latex these condoms are a bonus.Do yourself a favor and pick these condoms up. You and your partner will be happy that you did."
"518" "Had a very bad time with prophylactics growing up.Learned later in life that they need to be snug, but cutting off circulation means you need to go up a size.Now, I've used Magnums and Magnum Thins for years, but I wanted to try the THIN THIN stuff. These are awesome. They don't look like a normal condom and go on like some sort of hermetic seal. The thin-ness is ASTOUNDING and the feel is perfect. BUT... They're just not as big as a Magnum, which is what fits me best. If these are a \"Sagami Large,\" then PLEASE SAGAMI MAKE AN XL!!!! (copy the magnum sizes and you'll WIN)If these we're \"one size\" larger, an average Northern American condom being a \"Medium,\" then these would help a lot of the, well... The population who can really stuff a sausage. Y'know?So, these are 4/5. Sagami, if you're listening... Open a mold/whatever you need to do to make XL's please!"
"519" "Wow, okay.I'm a long time fan and proponent of Crown Skinless at .04mm thickness, but I tried the sagami original .02 and holy crap. It was most definitely worth it. Heat transfer, feeling, etc, it's almost shocking how much of a difference only .02mm difference makes.I will add that these condoms are horribly overpriced, but I was curious to try them out and I will definitely be looking for a way to source these more cheaply. May even be daring and try for .01's, but that's pushing it pretty far.Size L is actually just regular size, it's comparable to crown size, but because it's not latex, it's less stretchable. However, it held up quite nicely, had no smell (and very little lube). The packaging it comes in is very chic, and each condom come wrapped in a nice plastic container, similar to daily disposable contacts. These are definitely premium condoms and look the part. Huge fan now!"
"520" "Noticeably different than a latex condom, inflexible.  None have ripped thus far, which is great.  Transfers heat well.  It seems like the large is the size to go with if you are in the 6\"-7.5\" range with a \"typical\" girth, whatever that is.  My go to at this point, followed by Kimono and Crown."
"521" "I've used 13 of these, one broke, I didn't notice but she did.Length is 7.48\", diameter is 1.5\", I just received second box of large ones but I think next time I'll be getting regular size (6.69\"X1.42\"). Trojan ENZ are 7.5\"X2\" but those are latex, elastic, stretchable, Sagami are not, or not so much, they're either gonna be too tight or too loose, if you're lucky they'll fit you perfectly.Thickness of these are 0.02mm, the reason they're so thin is because they are made of polyurethane, the closest latex condom thickness are Okamoto's 003 at 0.03mm, 004 at 0.04mm, Kimono MicroThin and Trojan Bareskin at 0.045mm. Trojan Supra are made of polyurethane also but they're at 0.04mm thick, rather go latex, fits better. Latex at this thickness has more chances to break than polyurethane, most latex condoms are around 0.07mm thick.For some reason these get harder to unroll as you go down the shaft, almost like the material is stuck together."
"522" "I have a small penis 4.5 inches long and thin in girth. These fit perfectly like a glove does not feel like I am even wearing a condom."
"523" "these fit my 4.5 inch length, 1 inch wide perfectly"
"524" "Many men like to brag about the large size of their penis.  Some of us are honest, and readily admit we have a teeny weeny.  No problem, there are plenty of willing partners out there who are more than happy to do \"it\" with a man with a little dick.  \"Oh! Did I say \"Little Dick?\"\"  Yes, I did.  Some of us have one, and some of you like it.Iron Grip is the only  condom I've used that feels tight around my petite penis.  It's strong enough that I can bang away, without fear of it ripping or tearing.  On the rare occasion that my partner wants to take \"Mr. Winky\" orally, they find the taste of Iron Grip rather satisfying.For men of small means, there is no better condom!"
"525" "These condoms are great!I'm not super tiny - 6\"L 1.5\"D 4.75\"C , but the standard condoms out there always bunch up on me, and those reservoir tips end up sliding all over my head - also I'm not circumsized (you can't tell when I'm errect) and what would happen with standard size condoms is my foreskin would also be sliding around and often get caught up in the loose bunching up of the condom.Smaller fit condoms eliminate all of my issues: keeping my foreskin pulled back, condom latex not bunching up in places, the reservoir tip not sliding all around my head, etc . ."
"526" "Finally there's something that fits! I'm not going to lie. I have a really tiny dick (barely 3.5 when hard and about as thick as a pencil)so thank god someone out there is looking out for the little guys. This thing fits like a charm. I highly recommend this if you're alittle undersized."
"527" "Being tall with less than 4 inches and narrow girth my girlfriend was always nervous when the small Japanese condoms we tried would slip off. These fit great and ease her worries. Great fix for our \"little\" problem. Thanks iron grip, will buy more."
"528" "Snug fit. Works Great. No kids yet."
"529" "This is for a 12 ct pack of Trojan Pleasures - Extended Pleasure lubricated latex condoms. The condoms have a climax control lubricant on the inside with a special numbing additive (Benzocaine) to help prolong the bedroom experience.These condoms will help keep your man going and going.Works just as you'd expect, although sometimes a little TOO well ;) The numbness sometimes makes it hard for my husband to finish, though I haven't noticed any numbing sensation on my end as other reviewers have reported."
"530" "I really like these condoms, and so does my wife. They give me a few extra miles when I need them. Beware not to use them if you are looking for a quick romp, because they will make it so you last longer. I tried the Durex extended brand and was not satisfied so I came back to the Trojans. I'm not a poke and pull kinda guy but I also cant run a marathon so these are perfect."
"531" "Shipping was very fast and if you use it properly, it is magical. I feel like the people who have issues with this are people who did not use it properly. I think you should take it off after using it for a couple minutes and switch to a regular condom. It really works magically."
"532" "It truly does extend the time!!"
"533" "Lasted an extra 30 min =)"
"534" "This is just gonna be a short review, with photos attached.These are hands down my favorite condom.They are great in size (if you are above average.) They don't have any bad latex condom smell,  because of the material. They sometimes make me forget I'm even wearing one, because of how the fit.So I just ordered these and got them the other day.At first I wasn't sure whether to get them or not, because people say that they arrived in a plastic bag, and that they were not in the original box.After asking some people, I came to the conclusion, that I was gonna get them.I ordered them the 14th, and the estimated delivery time was between the 20th-25th.They were already shipped the 15th, and delivered to my place the 19th!!!First picture is what the envelope looked like, all the blurred boxes are just my personal info. It didn't say anything about condoms or whatever, for the people who prefer the discrete way.Second one you see the condoms, between 2 pieces of cardboard with a pretty decent thickness. To prevent any damages on shipping. Which I thought was brilliant.And let me not forget to say, that the envelope of course had bubble wrap too.Last one you see all the condoms lined up, they all come in pairs of 2, like they do when you buy them in their original box in a store.And then there was 1 extra one, that was just on its own, which I thought was a little weird? Why not just 24? Why not just 26?. But maybe they had some sort of idea with that, or just adding a little bonus..Ordering condoms online, I was definitely a bit naive. So I went ahead and checked each and every condoms for holes. And of course I didn't find any holes lol.I will definitely reply to any questions you may have, just to be nice to people in doubt, or wondering if these condoms are for them. Because I, was one of those people."
"535" "This is my second purchase of the 25 pack and let me tell you, it's been a busy 11 days since I first tried them.  These Jimmy's are amazing.  If you are a guy who loves to raw dog but always feels bad or scared after you hit it with no jimmy, then these are for you.  Last night I had to check 3 times to make sure my condom hadn't slipped off, that's how good it felt.  And since these aren't latex, they don't smell like a cross between Chilean sea bass and a latex glove when you are done waxing.  I usually tie the open end in a knot and flush them down the toilet right before I hit the gas pedal and head home.  Trust me, these Jimmy's are a must if you like hitting skins and having the sensation you are raw dogging.  I hit the skins at least 4 times a week and I could practically be a spokesperson for these Jimmy's because I've used them so much."
"536" "Best condoms I have ever bought. They are easily the favorite for my boyfriend and me, They fit him super comfortably and we only ever had one incident of them breaking (we forgot to use lube first). Super comfortable for him and me."
"537" "I began researching non-latex condoms because I learned that my girlfriends don't have painful burning in the shower after sex like I do. I knew I was STD free, so I just thought that was a natural reaction to the friction of sex, broken skin and sensitivity that can be consistent and persistent if you have a libido like mine. Once I began to use these the pain was completely gone! I've been using these for years now, and so have used them with several partners at this point. One of my partners found it very difficult to orgasm with these \"plastic condoms\" as he used to call them. We had been together for years, and he is the one I transitioned to these condoms with, so I know that the condom change was the source of the problem for him. With my partners since him I never used anything but these, and they thought the sex was great and had no problems. We never discussed the condoms aside from, \"this is the kind you have to use,\" so I can't offer much more insight regarding the man' experience. Even if we did talk about it, I don't think they could really know if it was better or worse with these condoms, since it's the only kind they used with me and so they couldn't compare the experience with this condom with what it would be like with a latex one."
"538" "These are hands down the holy grail of condoms. I've been a long time user of Naturalamb condoms and always loved the sensations from them but those are weird, smelly condoms. My new girlfriend developed an allergy to the Naturalamb condoms so I set out for something new and disovered the .002 condoms from Okamoto. The Okamoto's are definitely better than traditional American condoms but still had that latex condom feeling.So then I ordered these, not expecting much more. Wow. My girlfriend immediately commented that it felt totally bare and I agreed. We went through the entire 5-pack in just a few days. I am of average to slightly above average size and they fit like a glove - but not too tight - and stay on securely. I check to make sure it's still on right before I finish since it's impossible to tell if it's on and it's been there every time. Everything from the packaging to the look and feel of these condoms are classy an expensive. If you can afford it go for them. It gets expensive if you have a girlfriend and use them regularly, but if you are single guy and only need them a few times a month then the price is well worth it considering how much you are spending on dating and going out."
"539" "Perfect. I could even feel the V-temperature inside when I... lol you know.I'm sure if I add a photo, I will lose my amazon account haha :p"
"540" "It's pretty amazing how thin they are, yet can still do the job.  And it's *almost* like you're not wearing anything, but there's no doubt that you are.  But still, it's the most sensation you can reasonably expect to feel, while wearing protection.  Then why am I rating them 4 stars, instead of 5?  Two reasons.  One: the high price.  Two: they are easily torn when putting them on.  You really have to be careful in the heat of the moment to not poke a hole in it (and waste a condom)."
"541" "First off, I must confess that I have never had intercouse without a condom in my life. Therefore, I am unable to gauge if using these condoms are the closest thing to having sex bareback. However, I have used my fair share of latex & polyurethane condoms to which I prefer polyurethane over latex, & out of every condom I used this was by far the most sensitive I ever encountered. The first time I used this condom I immediately noticed a difference in sensation. My exact words upon insertion was \" Oh S***....Damn.\" These condoms are pricey but if you are looking for sensitivity, it's worth it. The only drawback about these condoms are that they are short & don't roll all the way down to the base the way a condom should. These condoms seem durable though despite being the thinnest condoms on the market, & have reliably  withstood the motion in the ocean never busting on me which is typical of polyurethane condoms. I would highly recommend these condoms. They're the best I have ever used."
"542" "Truly the best condom I have ever used. It's amazing how thin they have managed to make this condom. I love it."
"543" "I've tried all of durex condoms,  Okamoto crown,  Okamoto 0.002, and Trojan ultrathin but none of them can compare to this holy grail of a condom. It doesn't feel like nothings there but comes damn close.  I was surprised when I first tried these because it turned me into a one minute man.  I am so glad I found these.  I can stay safe and not feel like I'm wearing a plastic bag.  Win-win."
"544" "I hate wearing condoms. My ex girlfriends and I use to get into arguments over the topic many many times. So when I heard these came out I was a bit skeptical. I previously tried Trojan's Naturalamb. Which at the time was the best option available. But upon recieving these Sagami 001's I immediately knew it was going to be better. This thing feels thinner than saran wrap  you actually feel it might break because its so thin. Almost like if someone sprayed a thin flim of polyurethane on your junk.On to the testing! The biggest challenge is if you can get a nut off using a toy like a fleshlight or something. Which I successfully did. That is a IMPOSSIBLE task usually when wearing a condom (Makes clean up a lot easier) and I was very surprised at how great they felt. Next I tried to break the condom by pulling it down and around and they help up just like any other condom.My only criticism is that sometimes the head area can bundle up. So it is suggested to put a little drop of water based lube on the head area to help with comfort. (Not on the whole shaft or this thing will slide further and futher down) but this tip goes for all condoms.Final thought: I still prefer going natural but I recommend to any of you gents to buy a box and see for yourself. I am very excited condom technology has got this far. I hope a decade from now it will improve even more to make sex feel just like going raw but protected at the same time. And I think the Japs will be the ones to invent that."
"545" "As someone who's more on the larger end, it's hard finding comfortable condoms that don't take away the sensation during sex. But these were amazing! They were comfortable, thin, and provided great protection.They don't make things \"dry\" either if you know what I mean. With certain brands I have to use half a gallon of lube just to keep things moist before it goes dry due to the condom, but I haven't had that problem with these.That was one of the biggest differences -- the sensation and the fact that at times it didn't feel like I was wearing anything at all. HIGHLY recommended for \"bigger\" guys who are looking for alternatives to Trojan or Durex, which to be frank, aren't they great. I'll be buying this brand from here on out."
"546" "I have never written a review for a condom before but here I go...I have used all kinds of brands of condoms out there including Skyn, Durex, Lamb Skin, Sagami(Japanese Sagami) and ofc, The trojans.And out of all of them, L CONDOMS seem to be the best so far...(including price range)Why? Let me tell you why.My girl is sensitive to the latex(esp. trojans) so I have stopped using that brand for a while although the bare skin one was okay.Even though this condom is latex, it was odd that my girlfriend didn't even react to it. She's very sensitive to latex and it irritates her VJ while making it dry but this one didn't even get to that problem.I certainly enjoy using this condom due to many reasons.PRO- It is very thin!!! It is not as thin is Sagami .01mm but thin enough to feel the heat transfer from my girlfriend's VJ- Nicely lubed compared to Skyn and few other brands- It feels like doing raw a bit but ofc, RAW is always the best with the partner you trust.- Fits nicely, little on the tight side but I don't mind it- My girlfriend doesn't react to this latex condom at all!!!- There are thinner condoms out there but this beats their price(vs. Sagami)- Durability is outstandingCON- Can be thinner(sorry for being too greedy) I would like it SUPER THIN if it can be put into production- I seem to be ejaculating a little faster compared to other condoms(also maybe b/c my girl is squeezing more since she feels it more)Nothing really for CON. The last wish would be maybe to have the slightest latex smell removed from this latex condom. I know we humans are not at that advanced yet but I'm sure one day, it will be possible.ENJOY GUYS!Just submitting my 2 cents of opinion for those who want to read briefly about this condom!"
"547" "I forgot I was wearing one, and I panicked halfway through. I don't really need to sing it's praises more than that, you forget you're protecting yourself while wearing this love glove."
"548" "They really live up to there claim.It was easy to put on.These are super thin, provided amazing sensation and gives experience which is very close to wearing nothing.Material is vegan friendly and obtain from local sources.The packaging is made of 100% recycled material.I believe in going green so this all factor matters a lot to me.They come pre-lubricated so we didn't even required lubricant.Being so thin I was worried it might tear but nothing that sort of happened.I loved the fact that they are cruelty free.  They are a bit expensive but by buying this I am supporting the company campaign to make safe sex a human right.As for every condom we purchase the company will donate one condom to developing country where people can't afford it.So given the feel this product provide and what the company do for developing country I will gladly pay.  I will highly recommend this product.I got this for free as a part of promotional sample in exchange of my honest opinion.My opinion are of my own and wasn't effected in any way."
"549" "So thin it's almost like not wearing a condom, and they seem as reliably strong as condoms can be. L. Condoms seems like a good company that anyone who cares about what kinds of businesses they support will feel good about supporting. And that's really what's unique about L. Condoms; when you buy them, you aren't just buying good quality condoms, you are supporting something good. Despite being a very new business, L. has gotten a great deal of positive media coverage, including in Forbes, Glamour, Women's Health, Men's Health, Vanity Fair, Cosmo, ABC, NBC, CBS, etc.... you get the idea. Check them out online, learn about L.'s founder Talia Frenkel and her vision, and you can see for yourself what the buzz is about and whether you want to support L.Samples were provided me to review."
"550" "I've been out of the dating game for a long time until recently, so I wasn't aware all the different brands and styles of condoms that are available. The L. Company kindly sent me a few complimentary samples (Ultra Thin, Classic and Large) in exchange for honest thoughts on them.The condoms are made from high-quality natural latex without any harmful additives and are free of glycerin & paraben. Each condom is supposed to be triple-tested for safety.Overall, I'm impressed with the condoms. Each one are thin and have a silky feeling to them."
"551" "Everyone knows Trojan is the brand that you can trust. Reliable, no breakage. And, the Magnums are the perfect fit for me. And seriously, what a value, a 36 pack for $13 is unreal – I pay that for a 3 pack at the convenience store. I also use to get Hard 8 male enhancement at the same store, it works, but $13 for one dose is pricey. You can get Vialus –Male Enhancement to Improve Performance, Size, Energy, Stamina, & Libido on Amazon, an entire month supply for $40!"
"552" "I have gone through a few boxes of these and I still dont have kids.0 illegitimate children/10, would wear again A++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++"
"553" "These balloons are terrible.The colors are really boring, and they're all greasy."
"554" "Yup, they're condoms.  If you're unsure about whether you like these specifically I'd suggest you order a smaller pack of them first.  If you don't already know, Magnum is known for making larger condoms than most other brands, being most well known for their XL condoms (which these are not).  It took me a number of years of trying different types and styles of condoms to realize that I kept having trouble with them breaking or slipping because they weren't fitting correctly (mostly too small).  I would encourage anyone that feels like other condoms are too tight to at least give these a try.  Don't try to \"size up\" your condoms and use a type that's too big for you.  Unlike other styles and brands, these don't have the built-in cock ring style where the lip of the opening is slightly smaller than the rest of the condom that theoretically keeps a condom that's a little too big for you from slipping off.  It similarly avoids the problem of those same condoms that have a tendency to tear if you're not actually the proper size because the sheath of the condom is sliding around rather than staying static on your penis.  The lubricant does not have a slight numbing effect like spermicidal lubricants of other condoms, but it is slightly lubricated.  I wouldn't count on the lubrication as it's more of a slightly oily-feeling latex than a fully lubricated condom."
"555" "excuse me, I seemed to have dropped my magnum condom for my magnum dong.  But seriously, decent condoms that are roomy enough. I dont think theyre substantially larger than a normal condom but they are just a pinch bigger which makes them feel good. The lube used isnt great, would recommend supplementing it with a latex safe lube of your choice."
"556" "My boyfriend and I are very happy with these condoms. He doesn't feel choked and I can hardly feel them. No issues at the moment. If your man is larger than most go with these. Best purchase I made in awhile"
"557" "I only buy these to make people think I have a huge... you know what... when they see these gold wrappers laying around."
"558" "I bought magnum condoms in the store a few times and wanted to see if I can find them a lil cheaper and I did on amazon.  So I purchased them. when it got home I used it rite away and love them. It fits perfectly and it's not to tight like other condoms."
"559" "These are hands down the holy grail of condoms. I've been a long time user of Naturalamb condoms and always loved the sensations from them but those are weird, smelly condoms. My new girlfriend developed an allergy to the Naturalamb condoms so I set out for something new and disovered the .002 condoms from Okamoto. The Okamoto's are definitely better than traditional American condoms but still had that latex condom feeling.So then I ordered these, not expecting much more. Wow. My girlfriend immediately commented that it felt totally bare and I agreed. We went through the entire 5-pack in just a few days. I am of average to slightly above average size and they fit like a glove - but not too tight - and stay on securely. I check to make sure it's still on right before I finish since it's impossible to tell if it's on and it's been there every time. Everything from the packaging to the look and feel of these condoms are classy an expensive. If you can afford it go for them. It gets expensive if you have a girlfriend and use them regularly, but if you are single guy and only need them a few times a month then the price is well worth it considering how much you are spending on dating and going out."
"560" "Perfect. I could even feel the V-temperature inside when I... lol you know.I'm sure if I add a photo, I will lose my amazon account haha :p"
"561" "It's pretty amazing how thin they are, yet can still do the job.  And it's *almost* like you're not wearing anything, but there's no doubt that you are.  But still, it's the most sensation you can reasonably expect to feel, while wearing protection.  Then why am I rating them 4 stars, instead of 5?  Two reasons.  One: the high price.  Two: they are easily torn when putting them on.  You really have to be careful in the heat of the moment to not poke a hole in it (and waste a condom)."
"562" "First off, I must confess that I have never had intercouse without a condom in my life. Therefore, I am unable to gauge if using these condoms are the closest thing to having sex bareback. However, I have used my fair share of latex & polyurethane condoms to which I prefer polyurethane over latex, & out of every condom I used this was by far the most sensitive I ever encountered. The first time I used this condom I immediately noticed a difference in sensation. My exact words upon insertion was \" Oh S***....Damn.\" These condoms are pricey but if you are looking for sensitivity, it's worth it. The only drawback about these condoms are that they are short & don't roll all the way down to the base the way a condom should. These condoms seem durable though despite being the thinnest condoms on the market, & have reliably  withstood the motion in the ocean never busting on me which is typical of polyurethane condoms. I would highly recommend these condoms. They're the best I have ever used."
"563" "Truly the best condom I have ever used. It's amazing how thin they have managed to make this condom. I love it."
"564" "I've tried all of durex condoms,  Okamoto crown,  Okamoto 0.002, and Trojan ultrathin but none of them can compare to this holy grail of a condom. It doesn't feel like nothings there but comes damn close.  I was surprised when I first tried these because it turned me into a one minute man.  I am so glad I found these.  I can stay safe and not feel like I'm wearing a plastic bag.  Win-win."
"565" "I hate wearing condoms. My ex girlfriends and I use to get into arguments over the topic many many times. So when I heard these came out I was a bit skeptical. I previously tried Trojan's Naturalamb. Which at the time was the best option available. But upon recieving these Sagami 001's I immediately knew it was going to be better. This thing feels thinner than saran wrap  you actually feel it might break because its so thin. Almost like if someone sprayed a thin flim of polyurethane on your junk.On to the testing! The biggest challenge is if you can get a nut off using a toy like a fleshlight or something. Which I successfully did. That is a IMPOSSIBLE task usually when wearing a condom (Makes clean up a lot easier) and I was very surprised at how great they felt. Next I tried to break the condom by pulling it down and around and they help up just like any other condom.My only criticism is that sometimes the head area can bundle up. So it is suggested to put a little drop of water based lube on the head area to help with comfort. (Not on the whole shaft or this thing will slide further and futher down) but this tip goes for all condoms.Final thought: I still prefer going natural but I recommend to any of you gents to buy a box and see for yourself. I am very excited condom technology has got this far. I hope a decade from now it will improve even more to make sex feel just like going raw but protected at the same time. And I think the Japs will be the ones to invent that."
"566" "No joke, great condoms.  I have tried the Durex, Lifestyles and many many other brands of rubbers over the last 16 yrs or so.  These are very good, and will feel like your condom broke, but they never do.... super strong.ProGreat feeling,Super tight fit, so no accidental pull offFits all sizes, I am on the very large girth size and use large condoms because of this, but these even in regular are super tight, and add to the don't feel like I'm using them feeling,No smellHeat transfer.... you will feel all the heat and sensation you lose with latex.Cons:Need lube for these, seem to be without lube, even though they are lubed, if issue get lube or use the extra lube ones.Can be tough to put on, take your time and because they are rolled so tight, make sure you check to see if its rolled under its self this will cause it to stop rolling down, just roll up a little and back down, or use lube before you start rolling.Super tight can because of this can cause 1. super sensitivity and will make you finish faster, 2. must pinch tip, because condom will not move during sex, and this can cause issues when finishing up.Over all one of my favorites in condoms.  Love how they feel, love the fact that they don't move during sex, and use these over latex anytime.  This and the fact that they are SUPER strong,and if you have allergies these are a MUST in any brand."
"567" "If they fit for you, they're the best non-latex condom you can get.  Polyurethane doesn't have much stretch so they're going to feel a bit tighter; that said, the feeling is a lot better.  I'd say if your member is on the low range of the suggested size for a Trojan magnum, then that's the maximum size then these will fit for you comfortably.The good: It's probably the closest to not wearing a condom feel you can get.  This was an issue the first few times I used them because I thought it slipped off.  I've never had an issue with slippage though.  Heat transfer is great.  It's thin so you'll feel a lot more.The bad: They don't roll incredibly easy compared to other condoms.  Practice with one before the first time you're with your partner to save some embarrassment.  I also wish there was a better reservoir tip; breakage hasn't been an issue but a better tip would be nice.  They are tight due to being polyurethane; it's really a personal preference if they're too tight for you.If you're in the market for a non-latex condom your two best options are these and Lifestyles Skyn.  I recommend trying both to see which work better for you."
"568" "I have interstitial cystitis, vulvodynia, and vulvar vestibulitis, all of which make me very sensitive to condoms and lubricants. While I do not have a latex allergy, I find that latex condoms irritate my conditions. Additionally, I typically can't tolerate the lubricants that come on condoms, but I could not find a non-latex, non-lubricated condom. After doing some research, I discovered that polyurethane condoms are superior to polyisoprene because they can conduct temperature better and are thinner. I decided to give these a try despite the lubricant and found that I tolerate them very well. My partner and I both agree that they feel closer to \"bare back\" sex than any other condom and I don't have to deal with pain, burning, and UTI's afterward. Also, I can use non-water based lubricants that I find more effective and gentle and not worry about compromising the integrity of the condom. We won't use any other condom now."
"569" "yay! no kids yet!Aside from that this is as good as it gets.  I've tried many brands and types, this is the one for me.  It's more expensive than latex but it also feels WAY better and doesn't have that horrid latex smell.  There is no smell that comes from using these."
"570" "im allergic to latex so finding a decent priced condoms are sometimes hard to come around. these are decently priced and they actually feel nice when using them. NO MORE KIDS lol that's all we really want in our marriage. we did find that you do need extra lube. they are pre lubed, but it wears off fast so extra is needed."
"571" "Well trojan is the best condom brand there is. But my wife has to have latex free and there are ultra thin. 😉 So that's a plus. Fast shipping good care in the shipping. Five stars."
"572" "Great alternative for people with a latex allergy (both you or your lover).  Nothing will beat the feel of latex, but at least this way you do more than complain about your allergy.  I agree with other reviewers that these are a tight fit, but that's not necessarily a bad thing.  Better tight than loose.  Anyway, good price and product, prompt delivery and good communication."
"573" "Having an allergy to latex, I have found these to be one of the better non-latex condoms.  I was a little leery buying these as some of the other reviews were not all that favorable.They are a little more snug, but I personally like that in a condom."
"574" "I really like these. I am a smaller girth so these work well. They are thin so there is more feel. They have never slipped of during intercourse however when you pull out after an unload make sure to hold it from the base to avoid if from slipping off."
"575" "These are absolutely fantastic condoms.  It isn't the size that matters, it's how you use it - but you can't use it if you don't get a good fit with protection!  That's where LifeStyles \"Snugger fit\" come in handy.  They have no smell, have just the right amount of lubricant and the actual density of the condom is pretty thick, IMHO... but I'm not a man, I'm not sure what is average or what isn't.  I love how they fit him like a glove and not a bag.  These are specifically designed for a modestly sized penis - not bringing up \"averages\" as I call it a load of pooh, because again, it's how you use it.  But if you are girthy, these are not for you.  They will be way too small.  These allow for peace of mind, comfort and who doesn't love purple?  It infuriates me that they don't carry these in stores.  Not everybody has a porn star penis.  Get real.CON:  I didn't like that they arrived in a Ziploc bag.  That was weird.  All I could think about was the fact that someone tore off a line of condoms, counted them ,and pit them in there... just kind of... ew.  Other than that, I am very happy and pleased wife!  Will definitely order again!"
"576" "This is my other 100, last 200 work great ...! Its little to small for me and its helped prolong too.  My wife's loving how thin is it make her feel like real! Will keep buying until my manhood is done services..."
"577" "Perfect for \"smaller members\". The length is not really that much shorter, but girth is definitely and noticeably smaller. It never broke and it does feel slightly thinner than normal trojan condoms as well."
"578" "Pre-lubed, great fit, and they keep my girlfriend super not-pregnant. A+, LifeStyles."
"579" "Not to bad. Fits pretty nice a little smaller than I expected"
"580" "Good product!--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ABOUT MY STAR RATINGS:  I received this item at a discount on the purchase price in exchange for an honest review; I was NOT compensated in any other way in exchange for this. I did NOT promise the seller/manufacturer a positive review; only an honest one. As you can see from my profile, I'm just a typical consumer.*5 stars*: This rating means the item matches the item description and is a good value for the price listed at the time I reviewed it. I recommend it feeling confident that most people who read the description and take price into consideration will be pleased with it. If it exceeds my expectations and is an exceptional value, I put that in the heading. (FYI: Some reviewing sites have told us not to take price into consideration because prices change constantly but to only consider the product as a good or bad product.)*4 stars*: This meets the item description but there is a slight problem. I would buy it again at the right price and would recommend it to others.*3 stars*: This item is off on the item description but is still a good product. I might purchase it again if I could not find a suitable alternative. I probably would not recommend it.*2 stars*: Buyer Beware! There are some major flaws here. Either it is not as advertised or failed to work. I would not buy it again or recommend it others.*1 star*: This item was falsely advertised and/or failed to perform to even the lowest of expectations. My experience with this item was unpleasant, and I recommend you avoid it at all costs. I recommend others avoid this item."
"581" "I got these because my girlfriends mother works at Walmart and it would be a awkward situation if I tried buying these at Walmart when she's a cashier. It's a lot easier buying them online and I had to get the spermicidal because unlike Darth Vader \"I will not be your father\"."
"582" "Awesome, came with one large hole for entry, and no other holes that I can see. Ask me in 9 months."
"583" "Rubbers suck but if you gotta wrap it up you better make sure you got the ones with the spermicide junk yo. Don't want no babies out of wedlock homie, momma taught you better than that fool."
"584" "Seem to be effective, since I'm not pregnant, and the spermicidal lubricant on the condoms doesn't affect either myself or my significant other. However, it's best to pee or rinse with water directly after use. You don't want lubricant of any kind sitting in your urethra if it gets up there, as it'll cause burning when you urinate."
"585" "These condoms never leaked, tore and ripped in any way. They are very reliable. I've never had any irritation from the latex. This is the only brand I use."
"586" "i liked it it, it was as advertised and it arrived on time.excellent product and will recomend for some one else"
"587" "The thickness is not helpful for male sensitivity but my girlfriend definitely likes these."
"588" "Everything about this product speaks quality, from the box itself to the individual packaging on the condoms.The easy-peel packaging comes in handy so there is no fiddling around required when the moment arises.This is by far the thinnest condom I've used and you can definitely feel the difference. There is a reason why so much effort has been spent by many companies trying to make condoms as thin as possible, it is hard to describe but you will feel it when you try it.Would buy again."
"589" "i did receive this product at a discount for my honest review.i dont really know what condoms should cost. my girlfriend and i have been together for years and no longer use them on a regular basis (we trust her pill). but these seem to be a bit pricey. though, they do fill better then cheaper/regular  condoms.there was a short time frame where she was off the pill and we had to start using them again. i was in search of the best feeling (as if nothing was there).i never tried the lamb skin, since they cost too much.but i ended up liking the trojan ultra thin. these are very similar to those. a regular condom is thicker but with a more elastic rubber.these and Trojan ultra thins are thinner, but the rubber is more stiff (almost feels like a plastic blend). when you first put it on you feel the difference. a regular condom would balloon if you filled it with water, where these would keep 90% their shape.they may feel a bit tight at first, but as they warm up they start to feel as they arent there. i would put these at just under the trojans (as far as comfort and feel), but very close. i would probably go with whatever was cheaper if i was looking to buy again."
"590" "As a girl, I have always found thicker condoms to cause irritation during/after use. Well... while using Aoni with my partner, it was so thin that I forgot it was even there. Nothing comes close to this from a girl's perspective. My partner kept looking at the package afterwards like he couldn't believe what he has been missing out on his whole life. I guess I introduced him to a game-changer!"
"591" "Ok, these by far are one of the best condoms we've ever used. My husband LOVES that you can't feel it at all. We just couldn't believe that it was that thin until we opened the package. The only down side is that it's so thin we couldn't figure out which way to roll it on at first. Aside from that, it's still a 5 star product. Easy to open since all sides are designed to be able to be teared open. The only issue, that can be personally fixed, is the lubricant amount. It was not enough, but like I said, it is a fixable problem.Note: I received this product at a discount in exchange for an honest review"
"592" "My husband's words are: \"Feels awesome. I have never had anything so thin. I was nervous they were going to break, but they stood up to some rough sex. I would definitely recommend them.\"I totally agree. I personally don't like the feeling of condoms as a woman. These felt allot closer to the real thing for both of us! They surprisingly haven't broken on us yet! We have been using them for over a week! (We have been using these and the silver which seen to have spermicide.) It's nice they are color coded for which side is which too! This makes it allot easier and less of a time waster to put on.We'd say they feel a lot better! We can't afford to buy them every time, but it's definitely something I'll buy to treat my husband sometimes! They are worth the cost!!! We highly recommend them.We received this box at a discount in order to test out the product and to leave an HONEST review."
"593" "My boyfriend and I purchased the \"pleasure dots\" 12-pack a few weeks back and I wanted to try the variety to see how their other condoms rank. They're all great! I personally enjoy the ultra thin.My boyfriend is average sized and there is not issue with fit, nor have there been any breakage issue. I also have sensitive skin, and these condoms have been fine for me and my vagina. If you need a vegan condom, or want to try a different brand than what is available at the store I would highly recommend these."
"594" "I researched and bought these because my woman is allergic to the fluids used in the \"mainstream\" brands. She is happy with these so far. They work for me as well."
"595" "No pregnancy yet! Great looking box,  vegan Condoms."
"596" "Great vegan condoms. Haven't broke one yet. :)"
"597" "Best condoms i have tried yet!"
"598" "We're enjoying them so far."
